Configuring rules and maintaining Palo Alto firewalls and analysis of firewall logs using various
tools.
Work with Software Distribution teams to develop and execute Custom Prop for Endpoint
systems
Manage and monitor security rules and policies for Endpoint Protection
Understand different types of NAT on Cisco ASA firewalls and apply them.
Configuration, operation, and troubleshooting of BGP, OSPF, EIGRP, RIP, VPN routing protocol in
Cisco Routers & L3 Switches.
Configured MPLS L3 and L2 VPNS for customers.
FWSM configurations in single/multiple contexts with routed and transparent modes.
Environment: Juniper routers and switches, Cisco routers 7200; Cisco Catalyst switches 6500,
4500, 2950; Big-IP F5 Load Balancer, Cisco Works; MS Visio, Checkpoint, Cisco ASA and Palo Alto
firewalls, Blue Coat Proxy, Cisco PIX Firewalls 535, 525 Routing Protocols OSPF, BGP, STP, VTP,
VLAN, VPN, MPLS, HSRP, GLBP.
Client: Cyber Info Systems, India
Role: Network Engineer
May'2011 – June'2014
Responsibilities:
Responsible for troubleshooting complex problems related to the Internet and network interface
cards.
Responsible for initiating the complete recovery and troubleshoot complex issue of hardware and
software including internet issues.
Sound knowledge in routing protocols like Rip, EIGRP, OSPF in IPV4 & IPV6.
Involved in sales of HP products and services and maintain Customer satisfactory records.
Troubleshooting modular routers of D-Link, Linksys.
Involved in IP Quality of Service (QoS) implementation including Priority and Class-Based
Weighted.
Experience with Cisco 3500, 6500 series equipment and configuring and deploying.
From the scratch and fixing those with various modules like Gig card, VPN SPA Card, T1-WIC
card and other modules.
Experience in deploying EIGRP/BGP redistribution and the changing the metrics for the primary
and backup Paths for the packet prioritization and EIGRP tuning.
Involved in designing data communications and networks utilizing that utilize a mixture of frame
relay, Point to point T1, T3 & OC3 lines.
Involved in designing and applying QOS to 2600 series routers for all the branches.
Worked on Riverbed devices for WAN bandwidth Optimization in the data centers for the
sensitive marked data applications.
Experience on designing and troubleshooting of complex BGP and OSPF routing problems.
Experienced in SYSLOG analysis & Proxy servers.
Experience with connectivity of Cisco Networking Equipment with F5 Load Balancer.
Expert level understanding with F5 component to provide high availability with providing
services across data centers.
Involved in configuring the ASA Firewall for the safety of the corporate