Client: Thomson Reuters, Eagan, MN
July 2018 - Till Date
Role: Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
Deployed and maintained security/network devices and data centers for Service provider
network.
Experience with Installing and troubleshooting Data center migration with 24/7 support.
Involved in the configuration & troubleshooting routing protocols like MP-BGP, OSPF, LDP,
EIGRP, RIP, BGP v4, and MPLS.
Provide oversight, direction, engineering, and design of data networking for enterprise load
balancing.
Manage various Security platforms; Juniper, Cisco ASA, Next-Gen, Check Point, Microsoft
Azure, AWS Cloud and Fortinet Firewalls.
Provide subject matter expertise in Cisco Routing, Switching, Security and Load balancing.
Troubleshooting problems with applications, network and security infrastructure, including
routers, switches, firewalls, VPN appliances, proxy servers, DNS appliances and Wireless
devices.
Configured and Created wireless sites using the Cisco Meraki System dashboard.
Implemented site to site VPN on Cisco Meraki MX64, MX65, MC84, and MX400. Implementing
Cisco Meraki Wireless network.
Deployed and managed Cisco Meraki products SD-WAN including Cisco Meraki Security
Appliances (MX25, MX450, MX400, MX600 and MX100), Cisco Meraki switches and Cisco
Meraki Wireless Aps (MR84, MR74, MR52).
Managed Configuration, Logging and Reporting of Palo Alto firewall through the Panorama.
Hands on experience with Cisco switches (6500, 3750, etc) and Cisco routers (7200, 2900, 2800,
etc.).Fortinet firewalls (30D - 300E), SD- WAN technology ( VeloCloud), 4G hardware.
Produce design documentation and MS Visio drawings.
Created all required technical documentation in accordance with Huntington's Change Control
and project management processes and procedures.
Performing administrative tasks with Palo Alto Networks (Panorama) including Security, NAT
policy definitions; application filtering; Regional based rules; URL filtering, Data filtering, file
blocking, User based policies.
Researching and implemented new data network technologies like Cisco NGFW/Sourcefire, Palo
Alto NGFW and Proxy/Content filtering, ACI (Application Centric Infrastructure).
Refreshed Cisco ASA Firewalls from 5540 to 5545-X and Migrated Cisco ASA Firewall to Palo
Alto while Data Center Migration, Refreshed VPN Test Environment for Cisco ISE Testing,
Migrated Multiple Cisco Nexus 93180 NX-OS to ACI Platform.
Migrated Internet, VPN, Business Partner and WEB Presence DMZ Containers from Old DC to
NGDC with required Network Performance Upgrade which includes Migrating Cisco 6508 to
Nexus 7710 Multi VDCS, Upgrading ASA Firewalls, migrating few Palo Altos, WAS Proxy upgrade
and Created Network Design MS Visio for Physical and Logical Representation of