Worked as a restaurant server for an upscale bar and pub, took orders,
suggested entrees and cocktails, delivered drinks and food to tables, bussed
plates, and handled payments. Let go end of August due to corporate
downsizing.
May 2018- Fabrication Technician (contract), Skyworks Solutions
Oct 2018 For microchip production, operated a hydrochloric acid and buffered oxide
etch bench, used as semiconductor wafer dips for post-plasma, thermal-
operation cleaning. Also, managed semiconductor wafer lots in wafer baths
and drying by changing chemical baths and operated plasma thermal
machines for dry etching of wafers; tracked lots through production via
software-tracking tools and handled machine shutdown for error handling;
verified that machines and
Jan 2018-
Mar 2018
Engineer Intern, FoodTools
For tool manufacturing, modeled and labeled part assemblies in
SOLIDWORKS; assisted in manufacturing machine operation by manually
assembling parts for various machines; created cutting paths for clientele
food products using SOLIDWORKS; and assisted engineering staff by
assembling and documenting tool designs.
Sales Representative, SpotOn
Dec 2017 Set up meetings with potential clients, described SpotOn services, and
secured sales and subscriptions for company's credit card verification
Sep 2017-
services.
Captain, Part Time, Malibu Café, Malibu CA
Feb 2018 Coordinated and prepared café events, leading a team of servers; prepared
Sept 2017-
and dismantled event settings; served clientele; assisted bar functions; closed
client invoices; and coordinated and trained new servers. Promoted Sept
2017.
May 2016-
Server, Part Time, Calamigos Ranch, Malibu CA (Still employed)
June 2019 For large public events at a Malibu premier event venue, prepare, organize,
and dismantle arrangements and serve clientele on most weekends.
Jun 2011 - Sales Associate, Part Time, Guess, Camarillo CA
Sep 2014 Assisted customers, performed closing duties, and stocked inventory during
college summer and winter breaks.
Jun 2012 - Sales Associate, Vector Marketing, Camarillo CA
Aug 2012 Networked, cold-called, and booked appointments for premier cutlery (Cutco).
Jan 2011- DJ and Historian, KMNR Radio Station, Rolla MO
May 2012 During college, worked nights/weekends as radio DJ and historian; wrote
station monthly reports.
Jun 2009- Teacher Assistant, America Association of University Women's
Summer Academy Jul 2009
Camarillo, CA
As volunteer assistant for grades K-4, assisted in setting up, preparing classes,
and researching material. Prepared and conducted class on bridge