Surbhi Vishwakarma
Certified Network Engineer
(405)649-0570
Surkarma1193@gmail.com
• Failover DMZ zoning & configuring VLANS/routing/NATing with the firewalls as per
the design.
Experience with Palo Alto Network firewalls such as security NAT, Threat prevention
& URL filtering. PANDB migration and code upgrades for Palo Alto FirewallI.
• Good understanding of industry standard security frameworks.
• Configuration and troubleshooting of Firewalls ASA 5520, ASA 5510,
Configured inside ACL, outside ACL, inside, outside interfaces, NAT and PAT policies.
Configure, manage, maintain security tools for DHHS including Palo Alto firewalls
3K, 5K, 7K, FirePOWER (Sourcefire), Bluecoat, FireEye.
Design and Configuring of OSPF, BGP on Juniper Routers (MX960, MX480) and SRX
series firewalls (SRX240, SRX550).
• Implemented antivirus and web filtering on Juniper SRX 240 at the web server.
Implementing and managing Bluecoat SG400, Bluecoat SG800.Bluecoat URL
filtering with whitelisting and blacklisting URL, creating rules for content filtering.
• Bluecoat Proxy SG900 maintenance and rule managements
Deployed the Nexus 9000 Application Virtual switch to support network telemetry
applications.
• Deploy Nexus 9k Core with VPC and 3172 TOR.
Incorporate Cisco Nexus 9000 NX-OS to ACI fabric to work in concert with existing
Nexus 7000s and ASRS for MPLS.
Integration of services appliances to Cisco ACI fabric that includes storage, Load
balancers, application delivery controllers and firewalls.
• Planning and Development of a migration strategy to ACI from the exiting fabric
path design
Configure IPV6 access lists and assign IPV6 addresses to dual stacked devices as
part of an agency-wide migration from IPV4 to IPV6.
Strong Knowledge of networking including OSI L2, L3 Routing Protocol, IPV4 and
IPV6 L3 Forwarding and NAT.
Configured OSPF as the IGP for both intra and inter datacenter connectivity with
OTV running over the WAN for extended layer 2 network and used Localized HSRP
for gateway redundancy and to aid workload mobility.
Configuring and maintaining the Network connectivity to Cloud Providers such as
AWS, Azure using AWS VPC, AWS Direct.
Experience in migration of data to Cloud environment.
• Good working knowledge of Azure and AWSS
• Installation and administration of VMware ESX, ESXI Servers using vCenter Server.
Experience with Cisco UCS, Virtual Infra on VMware, Installation, Upgrades and
Patching.
Deployed BIG IP Enterprise manager to cluster all the F5 LTM, GTM, ASA, Netscreen
devices for easier management and common configurations.
• Involved in migration of F5 Local traffic managers of LTM 5100 series to LTM 6800
series for higher.
• Implemented F5 hardware refresh of older 3600 hardware to Viprion.
• Installed high availability Big IP F5 LTM and GTM load balancers to provide
uninterrupted service to customers.
• Used Meraki cloud management for traffic shaping and Configuring, monitoring and
troubleshooting