MARK LAVRENTYEV
(425) 879-3086 | markolavrentyev@gmail.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Enthusiastic and experienced IT professional with strong ethics. Highly organized and a quick
learner not afraid of new challenges. Experienced in using latest Microsoft technology,
configuring and maintaining backend servers, testing existing and developing software and
hardware.
Participated in various project of testing newly developing world class software and currently
contributing to delivering high quality products to customers.
Adaptable, motivated, hardworking, detail oriented, able to multi-task, capable to learn and
apply new skills quickly and effectively, strong organizational skills. Able to operate in extreme
high-pressure situations, successfully handle multiple priorities and possess a high level of
discipline.
SKILLS
Network/hardware Configuration
Scripting/hobbies
Windows, Linux , MAC, Desktop/Server installation, PC
Hardware repair, soldering, Computer Diagnostics and
Repair, Computer Hardware Installation, hardware
assembly, Component level repair
Python
Html
Cs
Powershell
EXPERIENCE
Manager/ Network Admin | INFINITE HARDWOOD DISTRIBUTION, | Bothell, WA
June 2015 - Current
General hardware break/fix of laptops, desktops, printers, network devices
Troubleshooting and repair of hardware and software issues to maintain business continuity
Diagnose, troubleshoot and repair peripheral equipment and handhelds
New HW upgrades; Moves, adds, changes in a laptop and desktop environment;
Optimizing HW/SW/Networking product and configurations as scripted ensuring customer
satisfaction.
Advanced Troubleshooting skills in a multi-user high-pressure environment.
Microsoft Server Technologies: Windows Server, Active Directory, etc.
Support of various versions of Windows OS and Offices.
Networking support skills.
Experience with Data Cabling / Computer Facilities maintenance
Rack mount and wiring.
Gigabit Ethernet, TCP/IP, routing and switching, DNS, networking debugging etc.
Hyper-v and SCVMM, troubleshooting of VM Guests and Hosts.
Excelled in performing routine technical tasks of installing, configuring, testing,
troubleshooting and maintaining of software and hardware.
Installation, Testing, Troubleshooting, Repair and Maintenance of electrical circuits, devices
and equipment. Conduit and wire running.
Audio/ Video equipment setup, troubleshooting, repair.
Mobile devices.
Network Admin | RGN TECH | Seattle, WA
Repair hardware/software issues in laptops and desktops.
Repair and troubleshoot Tablets, Cellphones, Smart Phones.
Remote Assistance. Troubleshooting issues via Remote.
On Site customer visit.
Complete component level repair using soldering techniques.
Responsible for diagnosing laptop and desktop hardware and software issues.
January