Windsor came to e-commerce with a mission to create an oasis that inspires and empowers
women. Windsor aims to bring everyday fashion with widely spread over 200+ locations.
Windsor also has brands and resource for plus-size women.
Played a significant role in requirement gathering for migration from Virid to Shopify.
Prepared test plans, Test estimates, test cases, defect reports and execution logs in line
with Project Methodology for functional requirements.
Develop and Maintain automated smoke tests using selenium and extend the test
coverage on critical cases reduced effort of testing on each build release by 60%.
Prepared and executed regression Tests and extend support during UAT testing cycles.
Execution of End-to-End cases which involves various systems like Storefront, Payment
gateways, Shopify, Aptos-WMS, Multi-Shipping, Aptos-CRM
Bug Reporting & Tracking in JIRA, Bugherd.
Communication and coordination with onsite team & client for requirements and project
status.
Met customer's Service-Level Agreements (SLA)'s on addressing the defects.
Providing assistance & KT to new team members to acquire knowledge on Technical
assistance.
Attending project meetings, release meetings, and QA status meetings with development
team
Senior Quality Analyst
(Aldershot - UK)
SSP is a global provider of technology systems and solutions across the entire insurance
industry, using expertise to enable customers to transform their business and increase their
profitability.
Project: SSP
Working closely with development team to provide quality assurance on the company's
websites and applications
Expertise in end to end testing on NativeUlI, UXP-EC, Web Journey and Self-service
applications
Delivery of test plans, test cases, defect reports and execution logs in line with Project
Methodology for functional requirements
Test preparation and execution of regression and UAT testing cycles
Handled both functional manual testing and test Automation deliverables using Soap UI
Handled integration testing with Insure I 90 (Mainframes) System & NativeUl (saas).
Involved in show and tell presentations to project stakeholders
Participated in Bug Triage meetings and prepared Root Cause Analysis (RCA) documents.
Bug Tracking & Reporting in Bugzilla.
Quality Analyst
(Reading - UK)
AOMI is a real time performance management tool, which is used across the globe by leading
customer sectors like Banking, Financial Services, BPO and Public Sectors. AOMI is used by Leads
and Managers to plan track and manage the work of their team and help them to enhance their
Productivity and Utilization.
Project: AOMİ-ActiveOps
Involved in Requirement gathering, understand and analyze product requirements
Actively involved in Daily Scrum calls, Sprint Planning, Sprint Review and Retrospective
Meetings.
Analyzing the root cause of defects, reporting defects and tracking it to closure
Involved in preparing estimation for testing activities using Poker planning
Implemented a Test case review checklist for Functional and Smoke Test case review
which helped peers at the time of review.
Conducted Accessibility testing to increase the usability for visually paired people. Worked
with JAWS screen reader tool
Manage and review Change Request (CR) validation by the team and handle