Performed the maintenance of Active Directory and replication scheme, DNS/DHCP
services and time services; wrote step-by-step procedures for implementing upgrades.
Worked with the server team to get the DHCP scope created for Voice, Data and wireless
networks for the new Site setup.
Environment: Cisco 4510/4948/4507 switches, Juniper switches EX-4200 switches, Cisco CAT
2900,3550,4500,6509 switches, DNS/DHCP server, Firewalls SRX-210, BGP, VLAN, WAN& LAN,
ACI.
Virtusa, Hyderabad, India
Jr. Network Engineer
Sep 2010 - Sep 2011
Responsibilities:
Models consist of Cisco 3750, 2620 and, 1900 series routers and Cisco 2950, 3500 Series
switches. Involved in implementation of Trucking using Dot19, and ISL on Cisco
Catalyst Switches.
Involved in Local Area Network (LAN) design, troubleshooting, and maintenance as per
company's requirements.
Configuring, managing and troubleshooting networks using routing protocols like RIP,
EIGRP and OSPF (Single Area and Multi Area).
Administration of Broad soft and Avaya telephony services
Serve as a single point of contact for troubles on the South Carolina state government
phone system on the Avaya platform
Configured TCP/IP addressing scheme to assigned IP blocks.
Worked with snipping tools like Ethereal to analyze the network problems.
Configured VLANS to isolate different departments.
Troubleshoot issues related to VLAN, VLAN Trunking, HSRP failovers, related issues.
Configured IPSEC VPN on SRX series firewalls.
Used TFTP server to backup Cisco configuration files.
Network layer tasks included configuration of IP Addressing using FLSM, VLSM for all
applications and servers throughout the company.
Configured STP for loop prevention on Cisco Catalyst Switches.
Configured VTP to manage VLAN database throughout the network for Inter-VLAN
Routing.
Monitor, troubleshoot, test and resolve Frame Relay, ATM, MLPPP, PPP, and Dial-up.
Implemented Cisco Wireless Access Points and WLC's at various corporate sites fort 11n
Infrastructure and its legacy