Conducted financial reviews which included educating them on the financials, variances,
KBIS, and providing support to improve the management of expenses.
TONY K. MСCOY
tkmccoy@live.com
PAGE Two
Delivered up to $5M+ in annual expense savings.
Developed an overtime tracking and accountability plan that led to an up to 20%
reduction of overtime hours in some markets.
Accounting Specialist - Trade Funds
Managed trade fund contract agreements for 60+ national customer accounts on behalf of
entire Coca-Cola bottling system (total portfolio of $100M+ in trade and marketing fund
agreements.)
Ensured accuracy in volume-based funding and that reimbursable spending by the
customer met the guidelines detailed in the contractual agreements through periodical
spending analysis, forecast analysis, and audits.
04/2008 to 07/2011
Improved timeliness of customer funding and/or reimbursements from an average of
over two weeks to an average of 7 business days by partnering with the National
Account Executives and Sales VPs to ensure that they had a clear understanding of the
contractual agreements and that proper documentation and approvals were received
timely.
Financial Analyst - National Sales
04/2008
Provided financial planning and analysis for 9 national sales organizations, which included
budgeting, forecasting, expense tracking, and monthly variance and trend analysis.
11/2005 to
Monthly meetings with National Sales VPs to discuss the financial reports and expense
tracking, update forecast details, and review of employee headcount.
Detailed travel expense reporting and tracking for over 500+ sales executives that
included a review of adherence to travel guidelines, which led to an annual reduction of
travel expenses of up to $100K a year.
MGR Food Services - Senior Accountant
01/2005 to 11/2005
Reconciled cash and other general ledger accounts for multiple entities including the
Georgia World Congress Center (GWCC), the Georgia Dome, Centennial Olympic Park, and
others. Duties also included physical audits of the cash in the safes at the Georgia Dome
and GWCC, researching and correcting discrepancies in the cash accounts, and being a
liaison between the accounting department and management.
MedQuist - Staff Accountant - General Ledger
Reconciled cash and other general ledger accounts, provided variance analysis, cost of
goods sold reporting, fixed assets and depreciation analysis, sales and use tax analysis,
reviewed sales commissions and vehicle expense reimbursements, and conducted quarterly
physical warehouse