Surbhi Vishwakarma
Certified Network Engineer
(405)649-0570
Surkarma1193@gmail.com
and deployed the cisco based access points at all the locations. This work included
working very closely with the field engineering team, checking the logical side
after their physical cabling updates and validating the MAC addresses, IPs of the
switch they are connected to.
• Worked closely on the Cisco 9300 switch and DNA-C which included working with
cisco regarding the finding out the configuration and pushing it to the system.
• As a part of the job, I made a lot of code deployments and was working with
multiple teams including proxy, f5, networking, messaging, DNS which helped me
improve management skills, learning and using the resources effectively.
• Worked on FRB's QoS Remediation process. In association with Cisco, I worked on
capturing the current QoS, analyzing it and came up with new classes and
configurations according to the new applications that's been added to FRBS
network such as 0365. Worked on building and finalizing the new configurations
and applied them throughout the FRB's network including all the PBOS, Corp sites
and Data Centers.
Atos- The Walt Disney, Orlando, FL
Mar 2019 - June 2019
Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
• Handled a data center environment of more than 3000+ devices at Disney, Orlando
for managing Disney Springs, Disney theme parks (i.e. Magic Kingdom, Epcot,
Hollywood Studios and Animal Kingdom) and Disney resorts.
• Provided operational support and made configuration changes to gateway switches
of Disney- Burbank CA, Disney Hong Kong and Disney Paris environment.
• Provided operational support, configuration, evaluation, incident resolution, problem
management, and project management in a 24x7x365 support environment.
• Day-to-day support of enterprise-scale, complex network environments.
• Utilization of data communications test equipment and network management
systems (e.g., sniffers, Wireshark, NetScout, and software-based management
systems such as OpenView, SevOne, Smarts, NetBrain, NetCool, etc.)
Quickly resolve complex network infrastructure during major incidents and provide
technical leadership appropriately.
Design and provide support of Routers, Switches, Security Solutions, VPNS, L4-7
Load Balancers, SD-WAN/SDI and Network Management Solutions across
LAN/WAN.
• Field experienced with 2 major networking vendors: Cisco & Juniper. Experienced
with cloud delivered WAN solutions, specifically with Velocloud NSX SD-WAN.
• Perform technical problem resolution including analysis, trouble isolation, and repair
on SDWAN devices.
• Customer Advocate in a 24x7x365 Operation Center, supporting SD WAN customers
and all related services.
• Worked on configuring, swapping and upgrading Cisco catalyst switches, Nexus 7k,
5k, 2k modules. Configuring VPC, VDC,