Sobia Razak
Fullerton, California
(714) 767-6558
sobia.razak@yahoo.com
Worked directly and extensively with Lead, and Project Manager to organize test plans for different
stages of software development.
Worked efficiently with each QA team member to implement cross training of various applications of
software.
Position: Software QA Analyst
Company: Thomson Elite
Location: Los Angeles, CA
Duration: September 2007 – December 2007
Description: Thomson Elite creates billing products for use by the legal industry. Analyzed and tested a web-based
product called 3E. 3E is an all-encompassing software that includes various applications for use by legal firms.
Applications include Calendar Management, Conflicts, Reports, Billing, Collections, Profitability, etc.
Responsibilites:
Based on the Use Case and Functional Design Specifications (FDS) analysis, created test cases, test
scenarios, and test scripts for manual testing process.
Performed Sanity Testing in Calendar Management app
clients, scheduling and creating events and tasks.
Raised Change Requests for 3E V2.3 Calendar Management application on StarTeam V1.0.
Executed Regression Testing for possible errors after all enhancements put in place.
Used SQL queries to run reports; search for past present and future events and tasks related to particular
clients.
ation and tested functionality for billing
Created UAT Test Cases, Test Scripts based on functional requirements.
Performed UAT Testing due to many enhancements in newest software version to ensure application is
functioning effectively and ensure ease of use for end user.
Performed Ad Hoc, Positive, and Negative Testing to test for possible breaks in software code.
Worked efficiently with QA teams and individuals to implement cross training of various applications of
software.
Extensive communication with application Developers and Business Analysts to track progress project.
EDUCATION
Bachelors Degree in Business Administration
California State University of Fullerton
*References available upon request.
3 of