EMPLOYMENT SUMMARY
Dates
Organization
Role
Sep 2013 - Till date
Wipro Technologies Ltd.
Sr. Software Engineer
Sr. Software Engineer
Syncada India Ops Pvt Ltd
Infosys Technologies Ltd.
Dec 2011 – Aug 2013
Feb 2009 – Dec 2011
Software Engineer
SUMMARY OF PROJECT EXPERIENCE
Wipro Technologies Pune
Client: Suncorp, Australia
Domain: Insurance Testing
Test Lead
June 2019- Present
Description:
Suncorp group limited is a trusted provider of financial services and solutions, helping customers
to make good choices and take positive action to improve their financial wellbeing. It is an
Australian finance, insurance, and banking corporation based in Brisbane, Queensland, Australia.
Sun Corp has many trusted and strong brands through which customer can connect to them.
Key Responsibilities:
Identify the risk and challenges and report to the management team
Responsible for reviewing the requirement package (Business Req/ Solution Req) to create
the Test Plan/Test Scenario/Test Case document
Writing SQL queries for data validations in DB2 database.
Chaired the daily defect triage meeting to review the daily defects and to prioritize the high
Severity defects to closure
Planning the test execution activities to accomplish task
Reviewing test cases that are mapped to the test requirements and monitoring test delivery
progress
Publishing status report on iteration basis
Publish Test Summary Report on end of the project: -
Providing walkthrough of the users in order to get sign off
Participating in status meetings and conducting internal and external reviews as well
as formal walk through among various teams
Technologies and tools used: - Mainframes, Agile, DB2, Jenkins, and Java, Soap UI, Jira
Sr. Test Analyst
Wipro Technologies Pune
Client: US BANK, U.S. A
Domain: Banking
Dec 2016- June 2019
Description:
KYC (Know your Customer) is web application used to maintain the customer information and
calculate the Risk associated with a customer in order to achieve Risk and Compliance for US
Bank.
Page 2 of