K KISHORE KUMAR REDDY
1101-25 Bay Mills Blvd
Toronto, ON, M1T 3P4
kishorekumarkr@gmail.com | 647-781-5558
QA LEAD
Test Methodologies | Agile | Defect Management
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
10+ years' of Proven experience as Quality Analyst in Manual Testing and hands-on
experience in Automation.
Proven experience working in Agile environment and holding daily scrum meetings.
Extensive knowledge of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) & Software Testing Life
Cycle (STLC).
Prepared and involved in Test Planning, Backlog grooming, Requirement analysis and
Project Tracking
Experienced in preparing and maintaining Requirements Traceability Matrix for extensive
test coverage.
Implemented Testing Methodologies and prepared Test Strategies. Proven experience in
Test cases creation and execution.
Specialized in Functional, Regression, Integration, Web, Mobile app, Sanity and End to End
testing.
Experienced in eCommerce, Retail, Insurance and Real Time management Domains
Hands-on experience with the Show and Tell process which increases the quality of
delivery at the time of review meetings.
Conceptualized and Implemented project management best practices to schedule and
monitor software development and testing project progress.
Assembled, mentored and managed offshore testing teams and shouldered the
responsibility of deliverables for UK and USA clients.
Experienced in Bug Triage Meetings which helped in setting expectations.
Prepared Root Cause Analysis documents
Proficient using software tools such as MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint and MS Project
Implemented Brainstorming sessions to ensure cross application knowledge
Involved in 1SO 9001 and ISO 27001 Internal Audits.
Team Player with excellent interpersonal and customer relation skills. Proven
communication, presentation skills and leadership qualities.
Awarded as 'Role Star' for the contribution beyond expected deliverable
TECHNICAL SKILLS
eCommerce: Shopify, Demandware ; Aptos CRM and Aptos WMS
Defect Tracking tools: JIRA, Bugzilla, Bugherd and Prism (In-House tool)
Proficiency in Agile and Waterfall methodologies.
Test case Management tools: Testopia
Project Management tools: Testopia, Confluence, Prism (In-House tool)
Version Control : Tortoise SVN and GitHub
Web services testing using SoapUl, Postman
Selenium Web driver with TestNG and POM; Jenkins for CI
SQL Server 2005/2008 Database
WORK EXPERIENCE
Company: Aspire Systems (India) Pvt. Ltd
Nov 2009 - Aug 2019
Test Lead
Project: Windsor
(CA -