Automated network implementations and tasks and designed monitoring tools using python
scripting
Installing and configuring F5 Load balancers and firewalls with LAN/WAN configuration.
Worked on F5 LTMS & GTMS to improve web application delivery speed and replication
through and between distributed global data centers.
Involved in iRule management like loading rules, writing iRule syntax using TCL language.
Worked with Blue coat and handled the Trouble Tickets on F5 Load Balancers.
Configuring Virtual servers (standard and performance layer 4), pools and nodes on Viprions.
Configured Local & Cer
Experience working with Juniper devices like EX-2200, EX-4200, EX-4500, MX-480, M
Series, SRX650, SRX240 and Juniper J series j230, M 320 and MX960 routers. Worked on
ral Bypass list for
ue coat prохy server.
Juniper EX4200 & EX4550 switches.
Responsible for installing and configuring Juniper QFX3500 switch. Rebuilt old HQ with core
and distribution with new Juniper QFX core switches and EX4300 distribution switches.
Worked on Juniper SRX 5800 firewalls to create policies using J-Web User Interface.
Dealt with implementation of Cisco ASA 5585 devices and Juniper SRX 550 devices to apply
security policies on it.
Worked with the installation of Palo Alto firewall, migrated with a team from predominantly
checkpoint environment to Palo Alto global solution.
Experience with convert Checkpoint VPN rules over to the Cisco ASA solution. Migration with
both Checkpoint and Cisco ASA VPN experience.
Deep understanding of cloud technologies, such as IaaS, PaaS, Software-defined networks
(SDN), Network Functions Virtualization (NFV), Openstack, and other emerging technologies
Migration from Cisco firewalls to Palo Alto firewalls platforms PA 4000 and PA 500 and PA-
200 firewalls network technologies including Optical VoIP VPN SAN switching and routing.
Manage Cisco VOIP Networks using Cisco Unified Call Manager (Version 11.x,10.x,9.x,8.x),
Cisco Telepresence, Voice Gateways, UCCX.
I Upgraded ASA 5505S to 5525X with Firepower.
Setup high availability ASA pair with Firepower.
Assisting with the design and deployment of a Cisco Firepower cluster in the core.
Implemented Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure (Cisco ACI) as a solution for data
centers using a Spine and Leaf architecture
Troubleshot complex routing and switching issues in a HSRP and GLBP environment.
Performed Troubleshooting and monitored routing protocols such RIP, OSPF, EIGRP & BGP.
Configuration and Monitoring of Citrix NetScaler (Both MPX and VPX).
Worked on VM Ware migration from physical servers to virtual servers.
Coordinate with multiple vendors (Cisco, Juniper, etc.) to troubleshoot network outages and
issues
Configuration and troubleshooting of CSM, integration with ASA devices.
Working on security levels with RADIUS, TACACS+.
Create a Virtual Network on Windows Azure to connect all the servers.
Configured inside ACL, outside ACL, inside, outside interfaces.
Configuring Static, BGP and OSPF Routing Protocols on Cisco