Key Responsibilities:
Analysing the solution document and understanding the requirement documents.
Developing and executing automation scripts in Java meant for regression suite using eclipse
Maintenance of TestNG and POM framework and verifying automation test results.
Working closely with development team as tester
Defect Reporting and Tracking using any ALM tool.
Modifying Tests and performing regression Testing.
Technologies and tools used: - Selenium Web driver, Hybrid framework using POM and
TestNG, Maven, Data driven framework.
Wipro Technologies Pune
Client: US BANK, U.S.A
Domain: Banking
Sr. Test Analyst
Sep 2015- Dec 2016
Description:
The purpose of this Project is to develop an enhancement, change, addition, etc. to an existing
application EKYC. U.S. Bank is required to maintain a credible Anti-Money Laundering (AML) /
Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) program including automated transaction monitoring. Hogan CIS is one
of the sources be completing the following tasks in support of the project:
• KYC (Know your Customer) is web application used to maintain the customer information and
calculate the risk associated with a customer in order to achieve Risk and Compliance for US Bank
Key Responsibilities:
Analysing the solution document and understanding the requirement documents.
Identified the requirements and arranged peer reviews
Writing the SQL queries for data validations.
Develop test plans based on test strategy. Created and executed test cases based on test
strategy and test plans based on ETL Mapping document.
Test cases tracking, defect tracking and generating Reports in QC
Verifying the data in Oracle AQT after load job is done.
Creating, maintaining and executing Re-usable scripts.
Creating Test Cases and Test Scripts to validate source and Target data.
Creating Weekly status report.
Involved in the Meetings scheduled in order to discuss the documented Defects logged by the
testing team
Technologies and Tools Used: - ETL Testing, ALM, Oracle, Agile, Sql, Version one,
Unix
Wipro Technologies Pune
Client: TD BANK, CANADA
Domain: Banking
Sr. Test Analyst
Sep 2013- Feb 2014
Description:
Call Reporting Automation
The TD Bank Regulatory Reporting Group is replacing the current manual and multi-source
system reporting process to an automated, single data store, direct filing Call Report process.
Page 3 of