The objective of the project is to extract data from multiple sources and stored in different
databases and load into oracle system which is the staging area and the business logic is applied to
transform the tables in the required way. TD will provide multiple financial and regulatory reports
and information to the Federal Agencies. The data warehouse is fed by marketing data, sample
data, market (competitor) data, prescription data and others.
Key Responsibilities:
Develop test plans based on test strategy.
Created and executed test cases based on test strategy and test plans based on ETL
Mapping document.
Involved in extensive DATA validation using SQL queries and back-end testing
Creating Test Cases and Test Scripts to validate source and Target data.
Technologies and Tools Used: - ETL Testing, ALM, SQL Developer, Unix shell scripting, Agile,
Sql query creation/execution, Test ETL Jobs.
Syncada India Ops, Pune
Client: US BANK, U.S. A
Domain: Banking Testing
Sr. Test Analyst
Dec 2011-Seр 2013
Description:
Data Exchange (US BANK)
Syncada Product is a web-based application for Banks and businesses. It's a global payment
network that banks can offer to their corporate and government clients, as a more efficient way to
pay and be paid. It continuously needs enhancements and developments that keep it up to date with
the currently emerging technologies, this also provides the customers an easy, enhanced, new and
better platform to work upon every time.
Key Responsibilities:
Involved in preparing test plans and providing estimations for the new changes. Writing
and executing Test cases in MTM according to the acceptance criteria. Product and
functional training to new joiners. Reviewing the test cases written by peers.
Involved in extensive DATA validation using SQL queries and back-end testing.
Creating Test Cases and Test Scripts to validate source and Target data. Providing weekly
status reports to clients
Defect Tracking in Test Track Pro and Retesting the Defects
Technologies and tools used: - Agile, SQL Developer, QC10.0, sql
Infosys Technologies, Pune
Client: Low's companies Inc, USA
Domain: Retail/Finance Testing
Test Analyst
Sep 2009- Deс 2011
Description:
Page 4 of