Sobia Razak
Fullerton, California
(714)767-6558
sobia.razak@yahoo.com
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY
Over five years of experience in Software Quality Assurance testing in both SDLC and Agile methodology
environments. Expertise in testing Web, client/server and database oriented applications. Demonstrates
skills in various forms of testing as well as defect tracking and reporting. Involved with manual and
automated testing using Test Director, Quality Center, and Quick Test Professional. A professional with a
solid understanding of the System Development Life Cycle (SDLC). Maintains a high level of work
commitment; utilizes excellent interpersonal and communication skills with entire project team, and
possesses a high level of analytical skills.
TESTING EXPERTISE
Defect Reporting
UAT Testing
Create Test Cases
Write Test Report
End-to-end Testing
Install/Uninstall Testing
Black Box Testing
System Testing
Integration Testing
Regression Testing
Recovery Testing
Stress Testing
Performance Testing
Load Testing
Functional Testing
Alpha Testing
Create Test Scripts
• Acceptance Testing
Ad Hoc Testing
Sanity Testing
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE
Testing Tools
Mercury Quick Test Professional, Mercury Winrunner, LoadRunner
Bug Reports
Mercury Test Director/Quality Center, Bugzilla, Atlassian Jira TestTrack Seapine
Databases
Oracle, MS SQL Server, My SQL,
Languages
SQL, XML
Platforms
Microsoft Vista/XP/2000,2008, MS Windows 2010,
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY
Position: Software Quality Assurance Analyst
Company: PAREXEL International,
Location: Irvine, CA
Duration: June 2010- Oct 2012
Description: The project incorporates two applications that work with each other for use by Clinical Research
Associates (CRA) for creation and maintenance of clinical trial studies. The application maintains all events, and
study data from the beginning to completion of a clinical trial study.
Responsibilities:
Working in an Agile methodology environment for two phases of the project focusing on two softwares:
Datalabs Designer and Datalabs. Both are utilized by Clinical Research Associates for clinical trial studies.
Working on specific sections of the project in an environment with a Scrum team approach; working directly
and extensively with Project Managers, Business Analysts, Database Analysts, Developers and SQA to meet
software requirements at the end of each three-week sprint.
1 of