Sobia Razak
Fullerton, California
(714) 767-6558
sobia.razak@yahoo.com
Responsible for creating User Scenarios, Test Ideas, Test Outlines, Test Cases and Scripts to manually
execute during software testing of both Datalabs Designer and Datalabs.
Conducting GUI, Ad Hoc, Functional, Black Box, Regression, Positive, and Negative Testing to ensure the
application is working as per requirements.
Played a role in designing functional parts of a specific aspect of the Datalabs software for ease of use by
clients.
Utilized TestTrack Seapine to log all defects and issues for both applications.
Assisted in training colleagues on parts of the application to ensure thorough testing is conducted.
Position: Quality Assurance Analyst
Company: Arts & Technologies Inc,
Location: Torrance, CA
Duration: February 2008- June 2010
Description: The project is a web-based application for administration to maintain new hires and enrollments,
changes, terminations, and monthly invoice review for company sub contractors. Also, a web interface for the
contractors to manage and keep track of their contracts.
Responsibilities:
Created test plan and test specifications as per requirements in project documents.
Incorporated and used Test Director to log all defects including documentation issues.
Automated the test cases for GUI testing using Quick Test Professional.
Tested a range of check points (GUI, Bitmap, Database, Text) to test whether numerous GUI and field
objects meet the requirement specifications.
Performed Black Box and Regression testing; smoke, manual and automated testing was done across the
entire application and test data was created for test cases.
Used SQL queries to ensure correct data and information was being generated across entire application.
Tested cross browser functionality including browsers Internet Explorer, Netscape, Safari and Firefox.
Before release of a new version of application, created appropriate and useful testing release notes.
Fully discussed project concerns and updates in project review and defect review board meetings to
verify and review defects reported against the application in its current version.
Position: Quality Assurance Analyst
Company: Hythiam Inc.
Location: Santa Monica, CA
Duration: December 2007- February 2008
Description: The project "ITMS" Integrated Treatment Management System is a web-based application to be used by
a patient's Provider, the Care Coach and the patients themselves. ITMS is used to maintain a very large patient
database and to track patient progress; data includes patient's personal information, health conditions, addictions, etc.
Responsibilities:
Based on Business Requirements analysis and Use Case, created the Test Plan, Test Scenarios, Test
Cases, and Test Scripts and manually executed the Scripts successfully.
Integrated and implemented Bug Tracker software into the company for use by QA, BSAS, and
Developers.
Performed UAT testing across numerous software components before new version release to test for any
functional problems/defects for customer usability purposes.
Performed System, Functional, Integration, Positive, Negative, and Regression testing across entire
software application.
Performed extensive Ad Hoc testing to search for small or fatal errors in various components of
software.
Executed search queries to search for patient records for the purpose of back-end testing.
Thoroughly discussed the defect report with developers and Project Manager for defect resolutions.
2 of