Troubleshoot end-to-end call flow issues in enterprise market involving various VoIP
elements.
Intensive applications of Network automation tools and testing for network automation
and configuration management using Ansible, Python scripting.
Extensive working experience in AAA protocols such as RADIUS, TACACS+ and Cisco
ACS.
Implemented vsS on Cisco catalyst 6509 and 6513 switches.
Experience on Monitoring and Management tools such as HP Open view, Splunk, TCP
dump, Solar Winds and Wireshark, Cisco Prime, NetFlow, Riverbed.
Extensively used TCP/IP tool like TELNET for remote login to the routers and SSH for
secure login.
Working experience performing Incident, change management using ticketing tools such
as ServiceNow, Remedy.
Utilize Remedy ticket system to update network status. Exposure to Cisco WAAS, WCS.
Installed and configured Cisco Unified Communications Manage (UC).
Experience in working with Cisco Nexus Switches and Virtual Port Channel configuration.
Responsible for Configuration and administration of firewalls, which
includes
Checkpoint, Juniper, Fortigate and Cisco ASA firewalls.
Experience in risk analysis, security policy, rules creation and modification of Cisco ASA
networks.
Daily network operation & support (BGP, MPLS, EIGRP, QoS, WLC, F5, ASA, ISE, wireless,
SolarWinds and VolIP).
Created documents for various platform VOIPS including Nexus 7k, ASR9K, and ASR1K
enabling successful deployment of new devices on the network.
Monitored, Troubleshooted and maintained various networking equipments such as
Riverbeds, DigiBox, MT2011 Guest Wi-FI, AWS Snowball, etc.
Checkpoint Firewall troubleshooting and policy change requests for new IP segments that
either come on line or that may have been altered during various planned network
changes on the network.
Replaced aging Checkpoint firewall architecture with new next generation Palo Alto
appliances serving as firewalls and URL and application inspection.
Extensive experience in monitoring and designing security policies on Palo Alto network
firewall for controlling what traffic needs to be allowed or blocked based on customer
requirements.
Experience in configuration of Juniper security appliances SRX 220, SRX 240, SRX
550, NS 50, SSG 550M, SSG 520M.
Established VPN tunnels between Cisco routers and Cisco Firewalls and Palo Alto
Firewalls.
Familiar with products such as Cisco ISE, Cisco ASA 5500 series firewalls and Cisco
ACE 4710 Load balancers.
Performed IOS Software upgrades on switches 6509, 4510, 3750 and Cisco ASR for
compatibility with Cisco ISE.
Implemented Cisco Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) as a solution for data
centers using a Spine and Leaf