Edgard M.Ascón Rojas
TELECOMMUNICATION • NETWORK ENGINEER • ANTENOR ORREGO PRIVATE UNIVERSITY
easconr@upao.edu.pe | +1 (708)6066576 | lin Edgard | LaGrange Park, IL
SUMMARY
An experienced leader with a proven track record over 7 years leading teams in the telecommunication and renewable
energy industry. I have led large and small diverse teams in Project Management, Engineering and Operations. Excellent
interpersonal communication skills to lead train and develop cross-functional teams. Strategic leadership developing
and implementing innovative and cost-effective engineering solutions on a global scale.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
YOFC PERU S.A.C
Project Manager | Trujillo, Peru
(March 2019 -September 2019)
Led complex telecom projects, achieving targeted and measured business goals, and key objectives.
Developed and implemented corrective action plans to mitigate the impact on project schedules and
overall business objectives.
Led low-level and kick-off meetings with a civil work team, site acquisition team, and all stakeholders
to establish project designs, scope, deliverables and timelines as well as the architectural network
variables to be implemented ensuring smooth transitions.
Held excellent communication with functional team members and direct management to ensure early
identification of issues and timely reporting of status.
WINDAID INSTITUTE
Engineering Coordinator of Research & Design |Trujillo, Peru
(January 2019 –Present)
Establish the baseline and milestones for R&D project proposals and manages the progress of
international projects, providing technical support to interns and international students to ensure
compliance with estimated costs and timelines.
Looking for potential investors committed to spreading clean energy as the number seven sustainable
development goal for 2030.
Workshop Engineering Manager |Trujillo, Peru
Earned excellence award for best wind turbine systems in the history of WindAid Institute.
(May 2018 -October 2018)
Managed the progress of small wind turbines construction in all stages up to the deployment and
installation of the system.
Elaborated the plan to perform scheduled inspections, maintenance, troubleshooting, and
replacements on various wind turbine equipment (bearing, blade, rotor, stator, batteries, power
inverter, etc.) Led the testing of new designs and procedures to optimize the current system and
ensure compliance to all safety standards and procedures, along with providing training to interns and
volunteers in the construction of the wind turbine.
YOJE INC
System Analyst Coordinator (Contractor)| Lima, Peru
(Sept 2017- Nov2017)
Led the gathering information processes of the logistics workflow for FedEx Inc. representative in
Peru, collaborating with Product Manager to elaborate technical reports of the collected data for the
developing team.
COMUNICACIÓN FUTURA S.A.C
Network Infrastructure & Telecom Project Coordinator |Lima, Peru
(Jan 2016 – June2017)
Coordinated and monitored the execution of activities to be carried out before, during and after the
commissioning of telecom base stations, providing technical support for arising problems in the field
during the base station and microwave link implementation.
Managed the LOS (Line of sight) microwave surveys, TSS (Technical Solution Surveys) and broadcasting
expansions for 3G and 4G technologies and overseen the allocation of resources and assigned
activities to field engineer supervisors, ensuring compliance with the quality and installation standards
requested by the client telecom carrier America Movil