TONY K. MсCoY
Atlanta, Georgia 30329
tkmccoy@live.com
770.873.4182 www.linkedin.com/in/tkmccoyMBA
ENTERPRISING FINANCE PROFESSIONAL
Seeking opportunity where I can use my strong analytical and accounting skills to
assist organizations in planning, forecasting, and managing financial performance
EDUCATION
Master's in Business Administration (MBA), TROY UNIVERSITY, Troy, AL
Bachelor of Science (BS), Accounting, NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY,
Raleigh, NC
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
EGL Genetics - Eurofins, Tucker, Georgia
Financial Analyst
Managed the financial operations of EGL Genetics while reporting to the Sr. Director of Finance. Also,
handled most procurement and accounts payable responsibilities for EGL.
Key duties include:
Preparing an executive reporting package for the President of the company each month, which
includes a P&L variance analysis, P&L forecast analysis, client spend report, top 20 client analysis,
new clients trend analysis, and other ad hoc reports using Great Plains.
Preparing weekly reports including the revenue and production report, metrics reports, and the aging
receivables report.
Additional monthly report preparations include the sales commissions report, intercompany expense
billing, and consumables tracking.
Project work included helping to create a costing and pricing database to track the profitability of each
test in our portfolio, created P&L profiles for each testing family to determine profitability as well as
track growth or decline, and managing the implementation of a new inventory tracking system.
10/2018 to 10/2019
Coca-Cola Refreshments, Atlanta, Georgia
11/2005 to 03/2016
Finance Services Manager Southeast Region, Customer Care07/2011 to 03/2016
Partnered with the Regional Director and 7 Market Unit Directors to manage all aspects of
financial operations by driving efficiencies through budgeting, forecasting, month-end close
processes, and supporting up to 650 associates with annual operating expense budget of
up to $75M+
Prepared, analyzed, reported, and presented monthly P&L reports using SAP financial
modules.
Managed the annual planning process and provided direct financial and operational
input to the Directors to ensure effective delivery of budgetary objectives.
Provided reports and narratives including variance analysis, trend analysis, and metrics
to assist in managing to the annual plan/rolling estimates to facilitate productivity
improvements and cost