Responsibilities:
Installing and configuring new Cisco equipment including Cisco catalyst switches 3850,
3750, Nexus 5548 and Nexus 2k as per the requirement of the Organization.
Designing and Implementation of (LAN) VLANS, VTP, Spanning Tree (STP), Trunking (dot1q
and ISL) and Ether channel on CISCO Catalyst Switches 3500, 3650, 3850 6500, 7600.
Configuring, Monitoring and Troubleshooting Cisco's ASA 5500 security appliance, Failover
DMZ zoning and configuring VLANS/routing/NAT with the firewalls as per the design.
Established IPSEC-VPN tunnels with ASA 5500 series Firewall between some branch offices &
headquarters.
Leading daylight SD WAN conversion project portion of a 8 person crew on 2800 branch
Viptela over VMware and Cisco network, each site served by Private MPLS / Broadband/
LTE.
Member of Windstream's Data Network Operations Center
managed and troubleshoot the IP network for data, enterprise, and cloud/hosted and
IP Division (DNOC IP) where I
business customers.
Responded to trouble tickets involving layer 3 connectivity and reachability, hardware
configuration issues for devices on Windstream's data network
Successfully Design and installed Palo Alto PA-3060 firewalls to protect Data Center and
provided L3 support for routers/ switches/ firewalls.
Configuring rules and Maintaining Palo Alto Firewalls & Analysis of firewall logs using various
tools.
Troubleshoot, Identify and Resolve all VOIP & IPT related incidents over different
technologies/Vendors: CUCM, CUC, IM&P, CUACA, UCCE/UCCX, Expressway, Cisco IOS
Gateways, Telepresence, Microsoft Right Fax, Inform cast Paging Sever. Support after hours
cut-over/migration issues, opening trouble ticket with NOC for special support.
Responsible for Troubleshooting & upgrading Avaya IP 500, UC modules, Combo cards,
PBX's and Digital station 8
Experience with working on Palo Alto Next-Generation Firewalls Security profiles
Worked with the installation of Palo Alto firewall, migrated with a team from predominantly
checkpoint environment to Palo Alto global solution.
Modified and reconfigured Two factor authentication BIG-IP APM authentication.
Created Access policies on APM module using AD and LDAP authentication for external
clients.
Determine client requirements from the SOW and provide designs for complex Network
Solutions including Internet, MPLS- IP VPN, SD-WAN, Broadband, and Ethernet.
Study and make key recommendations to customer current design to account for the
migration to the SD-WAN technology.
Built over 100 specific Boot Configuration for SD-WAN Devices to call back to a specific
Director to establish secures Overlay Tunnels over different Transports.
Worked on F5 Enterprise Manager 3.l version to manage multiple F5 LTM devices from
single-pane view.
Create additional site-to-site IPSEC VPN to connect SD-WAN to Zscaler for cloud based
Security.
Hands on Experience configuring and testing F5 I Rules using Browser(IE), HTTP watch.
Worked on F5 LTM series like 1600, 6400 and Viprions for the corporate applications and
their