Surbhi Vishwakarma
Certified Network Engineer
(405)649-0570
Surkarma1193@gmail.com
RADIUS, TACACS+, Digital certificates
Solar winds, NetBrain, NetMRI, Infoblox, Wireshark, PRTG Packet Sniffer
Domain servers, DNS servers, WINS servers, Mail servers, Proxy Servers,
Print Servers, Application servers, FTP servers.
Windows NT 4.0 (Desktop/Server), Windows 2000/2003/2008 server,
Windows XP/7, LINUX, Active Directory, UNIX.
Authentication
Monitoring Tools
Servers
Operating
Systems
Scripting
HTML, Python.
Language
Professional Experience:
First Republic Bank - California
July 2019 - Till Date
Sr Network Engineer
• Worked on Corporate Security project, as a part of this project I was working on the
Razberi Technologies switches. These switches help in managing cyber secure
video surveillance easy. My role was to perform the DNS, DHCP configured and get
the switch started to have a cloud called Piko cloud engaged to the switch. This
cloud based service is to enable simple, centralized remote access to the 360
degree cameras connected to all the Corporate sites and Data centers.
• Worked on resolving the latency issue regarding the Microsoft 0365 services. The
0365 data which was exiting our network was not able to direct the traffic to the
west coast DNS of Microsoft instead it was hitting the east coast and causing huge
latency to the overall experience of using applications like Skype, Microsoft Teams,
Outlook.
• As a part of the new wireless deployment over all the corporate sites and PBOS, this
project involved installing 9800s, 8540s Wireless Controller across all the locations
for introducing the faster and more user oriented internet. This included migration,
working very closely with Cisco for installing, configuring the controllers. Further
testing every configurationally change and based upon feedback, pushing the
configuration to more users and make it all over corporate.
• Worked closely with Cisco in installing Cisco Any Connect 4.7 Supplicant pushed to
pilot users, For overcoming the challenges we got the Cisco cleanup tool and
tested with our networking team.
• Worked on providing Cisco Any Connect to the organization, as a part of this worked
with Cisco on the XML file, whitelisted devices on Cisco ISE for providing
authentication. For SSO access, switching from Gemalto as MFA to integrate Ping
ID Federate and later creating two profiles for this MFA on Cisco Any Connect.
• Worked on bring the Meraki SOHO VPN (Meraki MX 100) solution to the
environment, working with management and getting approvals from Information
security team. Once approval was granted, worked with off shore networking team
on building IPsec tunnel and providing VPN access to the executives.
• As a part of new wireless deployment, worked very closely on the deployment and
installation of the 850 cisco access points. We got rid off the Aruba access