Successfully installed Palo Alto PA-3060 firewall then configured and troubleshot using CLI and
worked with Panorama management tool to manage all Palo Alto firewall and network from
central location.
Worked
with
Palo
Alto
firewalls using Panorama
servers,
performing changes
to
monitor/block/allow the traffic on the firewall.
Experience with devices Palo Alto Network firewalls such as security NAT, Threat prevention
URL filtering.
Good understanding with network based F5 Load balancers with software module & Checkpoint.
Used the panorama interface to control the Palo Alto firewall's centrally.
Experience in setting up the feature of Palo Alto 5020 to enabling security measures like Site to
Site VPN's, Dynamic Access List, Fraudulence entries, Monitoring Nodes.
Worked extensively on Checkpoint firewalls for analyzing firewall change requests and
implementing changes into existing firewall policies, maintaining security standards
Troubleshooting complex Checkpoint issues, Site-to-Site VPN related. Performed upgrades for all
IP series firewalls from R75-R77.
Migrated the rules from Checkpoint firewalls to ASA firewalls
Refreshed Data Center Core Switches from N7010 to N7710.
Provide after-hours on-call support on a recurring basis.
Configured and deployed VDC and VPC between Nexus 7710 and Nexus 5548 switches along
with FEX 2248. Have a good understanding of Fabric Path
Deploying and decommissioning the VLANS on core ASR 9K, Nexus 7K, 5K and its downstream
devices.
Creating object, groups, updating access-lists on Check Point Firewall, apply static, hide NAT
using smart dashboards.
Responsible for Designing & Implementations of Data Center /ACI solutions/ Virtualization
solutions like EAP using Cisco ACI, Nexus 9k/7k/5k/2k/1k.Design Cisco Data Center
/Application Rollouts with ACE, FWSM, & ASA.
Worked on Cisco's Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) implementation (Nexus 9K, APIC) and
Created Tenants, Bridge Domains, EPGS, Contracts, Leaf Profiles, Interface Profiles.
Creating Network Design in MS-Visio for new servers, application to be placed into multiple
Datacenter.
Designing and Configuration of Multi-Context Transparent/Routed Clusters of ASAS (Cisco
5555x, 5585) in manufacturing and data center environment.
Responsible for routine firewall permission rules configuration, troubleshooting using packet
captures and packet tracer through CLI, ASDM and CSM.
Firewall traffic flow Investigation and Remediation task through regular expression strings on
SPLUNK 6.5.3.
Configuring Web security access policies, Identity Profiles, Allowed/Block Domains List, CLI
packet logs on 12 Web Security Appliances S680 (WSA - 9.1.2-022 GD) through M680 SMA -
10.1.0-052 MD, Configuration Master 9.0.
Responsible for providing support for Cisco AnyConnect, Employee/Contractor Remote Access
VPN process, RSA token generation process.
Built up HLD/LLD for the project and configure Cisco 5555x ASAS for Certificate-based
authentication with Group Policies. Configuring Authorization Profiles, DACLS in ISE for
Contractor VPN access restrictions
Installing security firmware updates on EC2, EBS, and S3 host devices on the AWS network.
Handling and responding to “rackdown" incident for
more
than 200,000 devices is
an
Amazon AWS