> Lead redactor for the writing of the LLD : production network, non-production
network, administration and backup network, OOB network, LAN campus
Worked on Configuration of VLAN, VRF, VX-LAN, VPC, on Nexus devices.
Configuring OSPF and Static routing on Juniper M and MX series Routers in data
center environment. Configuring Layer 2 switching protocols and deployment of
Juniper EX sand QFX series switches in data center environment.
DNS: Added and modified new Static or DHCP IP addresses in IPAM for devices.
> Configuration & troubleshooting of routing protocols: MP-BGP, OSPF, LDP, EIGRP,
BGP v4 by using troubleshooting tools like packet analyzers
> Public internet connectivity using BGP. Redesigned the BGP configuration in the ASR
9010 platforms to make it more efficient and redundant. Instituted non-stop routing,
non-stop forwarding, and dual supervisor engine redundancy.
> Experience with manipulating various BGP attributes such as Local Preference, MED,
Extended Communities, Route-Reflector clusters, Route-maps and route policy
implementation.
Load Balancing solutions by employing Citrix NetScalar Load Balancers.
> Experienced on configuring Server nodes, Server-pools, VIP's, SSL termination,
Persistence, SNAT across Citrix NetScalar Load Balancers
> Experience with configuring Cisco 6500 VsS in Distribution layer of the Data center
network
Involved in moving data center from one location to another location, from 6500
based data center to Nexus based data center.
Experience with Resolving Incident tickets and Day to Day Activities like
Certificates, New VIP's, Etc across NetScalar. Testing, upgrade BIOS OS of Fortinet
Firewall system. dataDesign, implementation and operational support of
routing/switching protocols in complex environments including BGP, OSPF, EIGRP,
Spanning Tree, 802.1q, etc.
Performing troubleshooting on slow network connectivity issues, routing issues that
involves OSPF, BGP and identifying the Root Cause Analysis of the issues.
Deploying and decommissioning of Cisco Routers, Cisco switches and their
respective software upgrades. Manage SolarWinds NPM, WPM and IPMon monitoring
services and nodes.
Performed OSPF, BGP, DHCP Profile, HSRP, IPV6, Bundle Ethernet implementation on
ASR 9K redundant pair. Managed DHCP, DNS and IP address thru Infoblox, and
Admin for Internet sites access thru Zscaler.
Hands on Experience working on NextGen Firewalls such as Cisco ASA with
Firepower (5585) and Palo Alto (5050). Experience with SDN/NFV technologies
including Open Stack Neutron, VM ware NSX, Open flow, Open daylight, Open v
Switch, Open Contrail, or Cisco ACI.
Configured Cisco ISE tunnels with Fortinet to enable secure transport and cloud
based/site-site VPN to AWS. New Fortinet firewall implementation, Traffic Migration
and Upgrade Software of existing Firewalls per LLD, Testing, upgrade BIOS OS of
Fortinet Firewall system
Cisco Firesight management tool to manage Cisco ASA with firepower, Firepower
appliances.
Refining IPS Policy and Creating Rules as per the Security Standard on Cisco
Sourcefire IPS.
Perform firewall administration adding, updating and troubleshooting as per
requirement rules/policies on Palo Alto 5050 & Cisco ASA 5555,