VENKAΤΑ Α
Sr. Cloud / DevOps Engineer
amazon Certified
I webservices
609-917-9483
venkatadevops9016@gmail.com
Developer - Associate
Professional summary:
Sr. Cloud & DevOps professional 7+ years of IT Experience as Cloud/DevOps Engineer comprising of Linux and System
Administration with major focus on AWS, Azure, OpenStack, Continuous Integration, Continuous Deployment, Configuration
Management, Build/release Engineer and Linux Systems Administrator with expertise in Private, Public and
Hybrid Cloud platforms along with using various tools like Docker, Kubernetes, Ansible, OpenShift, Chef, Jenkins, Git, Maven.
Experience in AWS Services EC2, IAM, Subnets, VPC, Cloud Formation, AMI, S3, SNS, SES, RedShift,
CloudWatch, SQS, Route53, CloudTrail, Lambda, Kinesis and RDS and obtaining High Availability and Fault
Tolerance for AWS EC2 instances utilizing the services like Elastic IP, EBS and ELB.
Experience in AWS Cloud Formation templates to create customized VPC's, subnets and NAT to ensure successful
deployment of Web applications, also expertise in AWS server less compute service Lambda and used AWS lambda to
trigger changes in data shifts and action by users and run the code in the Postgres DB.
Experience in Converting existing Terraform modules that had version conflicts to utilize CloudFormation
templates during deployments, worked with Terraform to create stacks in AWS, and updated the Terraform scripts
based on the requirement on regular basis.
Experience in integrating Terraform with Ansible, Packer to create and Version the AWS Infrastructure, designing,
automating, implementing and sustainment of Amazon machine images (AMI) across the AWS Cloud environment.
Excellent knowledge in Azure compute services, Azure Web apps, Azure Data Factory & Storage, Azure Media &
Content delivery, Azure Networking, Azure Hybrid Integration, and Azure Identity & Access Management.
Experience in Azure IaaS, PaaS, Provisioning VM's, Virtual Hard disks, Virtual Networks, Deploying Web Apps and
creating Web-Jobs, Azure Cosmos DB, Active Directory, Azure Windows server, Microsoft SQL Server, Microsoft
Visual Studio, Windows PowerShell, Cloud infrastructure.
Experience in cloud automation and orchestration framework using AWS, Azure and OpenStack. Implemented
multi-tier application provisioning in OpenStack cloud, integrating it with PUPPET, migrating the application using
MAVEN as build tool.
Experience with setting up Chef Infrastructure, bootstrapping nodes, creating, and uploading recipes, node
convergence in Chef SCM used Chef for server provisioning and infrastructure automation, release automation and
deployment automation, Configure files, commands, and packages.
Experience in Ansible setup, managing hosts file, using YAML, authoring various playbooks and custom modules
with Ansible and worked on Ansible Playbooks to automate in AWS services like Launching EC2, Provisioning IAM,
Configuring VPC, EBS, Monitoring using CloudWatch and CloudTrail.
Hands on experience with puppet manifests for deployment and automation and have integrated Puppet with Jenkins
to fully deploy on to a Jenkins server to provide with continuous deployment and testing to automate deployment of
infrastructure.
Experienced in working with the OpenShift Enterprise which allows developers to quickly develop, host and scale
applications in a self-manage cloud environment, also worked on the Deployment, Configuration, Monitoring and
Maintenance of OpenShift Container Platform.
Experience in using Docker including Docker Hub, Docker Engine, Docker images, Docker compose, Docker swarm,
and Docker Registry and used containerization to make our applications platform to be consistent flexible when they
are moved into different environments.
Experience in deploying Kubernetes Cluster on AWS and Azure cloud environments with master architecture and
wrote many YAML files to create many services like pods, deployments, auto-scaling, load balancers, labels, health
checks, Namespaces, Config Map etc.
Experience in integrating Jenkins with various tools like Maven (Build tool), Git (Repository), SonarQube (code
verification), Nexus (Artifactory) and implementing CI/CD automation for creating Jenkins pipelines
programmatically architecting Jenkins