Role: Sr. Cloud & AWS Engineer
Client: Capital One, VA, USA
January 2017 to March
2018
Created AWS CloudFormation Templates to create custom-sized VPC, subnets, EC2 instances, ELB, security
groups. Managed other AWS Services like S3, Cloud Front, Cloud Watch, RDS, Kinesis, Redshift Cluster, Route53,
SNS, SQS, Cloud Trail.
Implemented AWS solutions using S3, RDS, EBS, Elastic Load Balancer, and Auto-scaling groups, Optimized
volumes and EC2 instances and Using Jenkins AWS Code Deploy plugin to deploy to AWS.
Worked with AWS CLI and AWS API to manage resources on AWS for many services such as EC2, S3, VPC, Cloud
Watch, ELB, Auto-scaling, created python script using AWS API Calls to manage all resources deployed on AWs.
Adding Compute nodes into OpenStack cloud platform. Responsible for supporting and maintaining OpenStack in a
production environment.
Troubleshooted lifecycle services within the OpenStack including log files, message queues, database, Compute
hardware, and network connectivity.
Created custom machine images and automation tools like Chef/Ansible using Terraform along with packer to install
software's after the infrastructure is provisioned.
Involved in working with Terraform to bring up a count of 'container instances' or 'nodes' in an AWS ECS cluster
with different instances running on each one.
Experience with setting up Chef Infra, bootstrapping nodes, creating and uploading recipes, node convergence in Chef
SCM.
Created Chef Cookbooks and wrote recipes in Ruby Script to install and configured Infrastructure across
environments and automated the process using Python Script.
Installed and Implemented Ansible configuration management system. Used Ansible to manage Web applications,
Environments configuration Files, Users, Mount points and Packages.
Configured EC2 Instances for RedHat OpenShift nodes with EBS block storage for persistent volumes, and S3
buckets for OpenShift registries along with snapshots for backups.
Deployed OpenShift Enterprise v3.4/3.6 on RedHat 7 environment and integration with private Docker Registry.
Experience with Container based deployments using Docker, working with Docker images, Docker Hub and Docker-
registries and Kubernetes.
Developed procedures to unify streamline and automate applications development and deployment procedures with
Linux container technology using Docker swarm and Docker compose.
Worked on implementing microservices on Kubernetes Cluster and Configured Operators on Kubernetes applications
and all its components, such as Deployments, Config Maps, Secrets and Services.
Configured and administered Jenkins for automated builds and Responsible for installing Jenkins master and slave
nodes and maintenance of build pipeline.
Configuration of various plugins for Jenkins for automation of the workflow and to optimize and smooth running of
build jobs.
Managed Git repository, code merging, production deployments and analyzed and resolved conflicts related to merging
of source code for Git.
Worked with MAVEN as a build tools on java projects for the development of build artifacts on the source code.
Maintained build related scripts developed in shell for Maven builds, created and modified build configuration files
including POM.xml.
Responsible for log monitoring, auditing and enforcement of policies using New Relic Monitoring AWS Instances
regularly using ops view and New Relic tools.
Configuring and managing ELK stack, setup the elastic search ELK Stack to collect search and analyze log files from
across the servers and integration of Application with monitoring tool New Relic for complete insight and proactive
monitoring.
Created Python scripts to totally automate AWS services which includes web servers, ELB, CloudFront distribution,
database, EC2 and database security groups, S3 bucket and application configuration, this script creates stacks, single
servers, or joins web servers to stacks.
Experience in administering and maintaining Linux servers in production environments. Supported in the installation of
packages/patches on Linux platforms. Implemented Backup & Disaster recovery management on Linux