Microsoft
CERTIFIED
aws certified
Professional
Helping team to resolve technical issues.
Technologies/Tools: C#, ASP.NET, SSIS, TFS, Aspose and SQL Server 2012
National Institutes of Health (NIH), MD
Lead Developer
Description:
Event Management site- NIBIB staff need a way to manage registration of speakers and attendees for conferences that
they host. The site accommodates registration of conference participants internal to NIBIB, other ICs, federal
agencies, and external to the federal space. The site is generic enough that it is used by all NIBIB departments,
offices, and labs as appropriate. Staffs who have rights can create event with proper dates. Those events are shown in
public landing page. When user hits registration button in event then system asks for sign in or signup. Once user
sign in they can do event registration. After registration end date Event Creator can generate reports like total no of
attendees with accommodation, total no of walking attendees, total no of attendee's order for lunch, total no of
attendees going to attend all session etc.
Responsibilities:
Analysis of requirement.
Application designing and coding
Database designing and writing stored procedures.
Helping team to resolve technical issues.
May 2018 – Sep 7 2018
Client interaction
Technologies/ Tools: C#, Web API, HTML, Angular5 and SQL Server 2012
National Institutes of Health (NIH), MD
Lead Developer
Description:
Grant Management System- This system is divided into three sub systems Grant assignment to Program officers (PO),
Study section and council coversheet. Grant data is imported from CIT main oracle database server to department
local SQL server. Based on PO experience Program Director assigns grants to PO. Program officers invite relevant
officers for study section. Based on study section Program officers create council coversheets with recommendation.
Those council coversheets are presented by Program officers in council meeting for taking decision to award grants.
Documents versions are managed using SharePoint.
Responsibilities:
Designing, coding and managing modules of the application
Develop SSIS packages which include a variety of transformations, for example look up, Aggregate, Derived
Column, Conditional Split and Data Conversion.
Writing stored procedures.
Helping team to resolve technical issues.
Production Support.
Technologies/ Tools: ASP.net MVC 5, Visual Studios 2013, Aspose, jQuery, SharePoint 2013, C#, SSIS, Windows
Server 2012 and SQL Server 2012, Jira.
Nov 2016 – Apr 2018
National Institutes of Health (NIH)
Senior Software Developer
Description:
Electronic Assignment- This project is used to assign document to reviewer and track the status of documents
assigned to reviewers. There are two types of assignments sequential and parallel. In sequential assignment document
is assigned to next level after approval from previous level. In case of parallel assignment document is assigned to all
at the same time. If document is approved by all reviewers, then it is considered as approved document. Application
stores reviewers list i.e. routing based on document category.
Responsibilities:
MD Jan 2016 – Oct 2016
Implementation of work flow for business processes.
Customization using Web Parts (using SharePoint object model).
Team Foundation Server (TFS) setup (advance installation) and configuration in Windows Server