Experience with configuring BGP, OSPF in Juniper M and MX series routers for
branch/Back office locations. Worked with Cisco Meraki centralized cloud managed
architecture enables plug and play branch deployment and control across any
number of distributed system
Experience in configuring all Palo alto Networks Firewall models (PA-2k, PA-3k, PA-
5k etc.) as well as a centralized management system (Panorama) to manage large
scale firewall deployments.
Support Panorama Centralized Management for Palo alto firewall PA-500, PA-200
and PA3060, to central manage the console, configure, maintain, monitor, and
update firewall core, as well as back up configuration.
Design
schemes, BlueCat DNS& Infoblox DNS, Port - Channel (Bonding), etc
Involved in configuring IP Quality of service (QOS), Worked on FTP, HTTP, DNS,
DHCP servers in windows server-client environment with resource allocation to
desired Virtual LANS of network.
multi-server
environments
including
IP
address
Worked on Layer 2 protocols such as STP, VTP, STP, RSTP, PVSTP+, MST and other V
LAN troubleshooting issues and configuring switches from scratch and deployment.
> Primary responsibility is to design and deploy various network security & High Avail
ability products like Cisco ASA other security products.
Plan Design and assist in deploying enterprise wide Network Security and High
Availability Solutions for ASA and SRX Firewalls.
> Work as a part of the DMZ migration and consolidation for external vendors into a
new environment on ASA 5585 devices.
Worked extensively in Configuring, Monitoring and Troubleshooting Cisco's ASA
5500/Juniper
VLANS/routing/NATing with the firewalls as per the design.
> Multipoint VPN: IPSEC, IKEV2, DES, 3DES, AES (-128, -192, -256), Pre-Shared Key,
X.509v3 Certificate, MD5, SHA-1, NAT-T, firewall rules for each VPN connection,
configuration assistance via web interface, remote-controlled activate/ deactivate
connection.
security
appliance,
Failover
DMZ
zoning
&
configuring
Data center migration was involved in Access, Distribution and Core layers.
Performed Configuration on ASR 9K Pairs includes HSRP, Bundle Ethernet Config,
Assigning DHCP profiles.
Comerica Bank, Auburn hills, MI
2013- Dec 2015
Sr. Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
Oct
Well Experienced in configuring protocols HSRP, GLBP, ICMP, IGMP, PPP, PAP, CHAP,
and SNMP.
Responsible for layer 2 securities which was implemented using a dedicated VLAN
ID for all trunk ports, setting the user ports to non-trunking, deployed port security
when possible for user ports.
Involved in configuring Juniper SSG-140 and Cisco ASA firewall.
Enabled STP attack mitigation (BPDU Guard, Root Guard), using MD5 authentication
for VTP, disabling all unused ports and putting them in unused VLAN and ensuring
DHCP attack prevention where needed.
Experience with setting up MPLS Layer 3 VPN cloud in data center and also working
with BGP WAN towards