expressing the insurance concepts in a formally defined specification to enable trading partner and intra-
enterprise of sharing insurance data, giving a well-defined vocabulary for expressing the insurance
concepts. TX Life is the primary specification used in the three primary domains: products, people and
processes.
Role/Responsibilities:
Attended daily meetings, kept up-to-date on best practices for JavaScript frameworks and
techniques.
Developed sub-sites for new products, customer investigation, and coupon discounts.
Designed and implemented multiple new features in purityproducts.com related to different
vitamins search and purchase using AJAX, JQuery, CSS3 and HTML5.
Handled Browser compatibility issues in HTML5, CSS3 and Java Scriptfor IE, Firefox and
Chrome browsers.
Implemented JQuery validation plug-in, modified JQuery validation plug-in to support custom
validation.
Worked with Developers in UI Integration and defect fixing. Implemented jQuery based
accordion styles and handled complete jQuery in showing Rich Internet Application (RIA).
Wrote numerous JavaScript functions for user input validation and verification.
Design and implemented Vitamin Suggested module that offers to customer suggested products
after evaluating customer's preference.
Implemented JQuery validation plug-in, modified JQuery validation plug-in to support custom
validation.
Developed sub-sites for new products, customer investigation, and coupon discounts.
Used Ajax in JSON format for asynchronous request handling and partial refreshing by the user.
Tested and debugged using JavaScript, Ajax, Servlet, JSP, and jQuery, CSS, HTML and
SQL.
Used SQL for Creating, Reading, Updating, Selecting data from MYSQL database.
Environment: Ajax, JQuery, XML, JDBC, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Tomcat4.0, Eclipse
Client: WIPRO, PUNE, India
April 2011 - Dec 2013
Role: Software Developer.
Project 1: Regular Saver
Regular Saver was the management solution that meets the needs of the customer. The objective of this
system was to provide the financial planning and budget management solutions on an open source
platform.
Role/Responsibilities:
Designed interactive pages with W3Cstandards.
Was involved in third party tool integration for barcode scanning and biometric scanning.
Designed and developed various abstract classes, interfaces, classes to construct the business
logic
Analyzed the requirements and designed the flow of task using flow charts and dependently
designed flow between pages of the UI.
Created event driven Web Forms using C#.Net and implemented form Validation controls using
both Custom validation and JavaScript was written for Client side validations and also used the
new validation.
Worked with ASP.NET Web Forms, Web Services, and State Management, Caching features,
configuring optimizations and securing the web application. Developed the Code-behind files in
C#.NET and VB.NET.
Been an active team player, helped in fixing bugs and also carried out troubleshooting.
Converted the mock-ups in to hand-written HTML, CSS and JavaScript code.
Produced semantically appropriate, standards compliant markup, and produced Rich