Microsoft
CERTIFIED
aws certified
Professional
Oct 2004 – Jun 2005
Cox & King, UK
Programmer
Description:
INTRAM (Integrated Travel Management) - It is window-based project designed for travel agents for office
operations (accounting operations). It is integrated with the front office operations. It supports hard closing and soft
closing of the financial year. INTRAM not only generates the common reports like day books, ledgers, statements,
trail balance, balance sheet but also very specific management MIS, clients MIS, Financial MIS, Airline MIS reports.
Responsibilities:
Coding and testing
Handle Admin section that involves concept of retrieving traveller information from downloaded "AT" files and put
the details into the SQL database.
Sakshym services, India
Programmer
Description:
Logodisplaycase - This system supports online store of display cases like boxing display cases, glass display cases,
golf display cases, football logo case, and hockey logo case. The project is divided into two sections User section and
Admin section. The user section contains features like order placing form, shopping basket, and registration form etc.
Admin section provides complete management of application that includes management of database and stock. Admin
section tracks balance between demand and supply, regular updating units prices, product info.
Responsibilities:
Coding and testing
Technologies/ Tools: ASP.NET using VB.NET, SQL Server 2000, Java script.
Feb 2003 – Sep 2004
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION
Master's in computer applications, VBS Purvanchal University, India
Bachelor's in science, University of Allahabad, India
Microsoft Technology Specialist (MCTS) in WCF (For more information visit https://mcp.microsoft.com/anonymous/
transcript/validate and use Transcript ID "909880" and Access Code "hemchandra" to access the information)
AWS Certified Solutions Architect – Associate ( For more information visit
https://www.certmetrics.com/amazon/public/transcript.aspx?transcript=01RPL6WKC2VEQOC4 )
(Hem