with this.
Java
5+ yrs exp. using the very flexible and 00-oriented language. Most recently used
with creating 3D OpenGL/Android apps; Whack-A -Friend for example.
CSS/3
Strong exp. w/no-table design. Separation of style and content, nesting, and
inheritance, transitions, animations, and more. This resume contains no tables and
contains mulitiple css style variations.
Apache/2
Many yrs exp. setting up and configuring multiple virtual hosts, secure public
hosting, .htaccess, redirects, mods, SSL certificates, and more.
Javascript Development
4 yrs exp. event handling, dom parsing, and general js development where needed.
Custom ajax handling before ajax was widespread. More recently numerous JS
languages: Backbone.js, Underscore.js, Express.js, Node.js, and debuggers such as
Firebug.
jQuery flavors
5+ yrs exp using various jquery tools: jQuery, jQuery-mobile, jQuery-ui Used jq-
mobile to design RiverMaps, an android cordova html5 mobile app (update pending).
sass
Css preprocessor that attempts to consolidate cross-browser and backwards -
compatibility among websites and provides variables and functions within css. This
resume is powered by it.
Compass / Blueprint
useful functions and "mixins" for consolidating csS3 features. Sprites, shadows,
transitions, grid layouts, sprite tools, and more. View this resume.
Relational Databases
MYSQL | sqlite | postgres
5+ yrs exp. w/ mid-to-advanced db querying, table joins, complex rules used in
various web apps.
Graphics Editing
Familiarity with most graphic programs including Photoshop and Illustrator or the
open-source GIMP for image edits. I try to leave the "designing" to the real
artists but I can get around no problems.
Social Media
Tie-in of Twitter and Facebook 0auth for shares/feeds etc
Google Maps
exp designing attractive product interfaces alongside google maps jsv3 to output
visually stunning products. RiverMaps uses a custom gmaps interface.
Google Play
-2 yrs exp. publishing, placing, and organizing applications on Google Play store.
LAMP Stack
7+ yrs exp. developing with and configuring Linux, Apache, MYSQL, Perl/PHP/Python
servers (mainly PHP).
PHP
Convenient scripting language if secure. Sessions, authentication, cookie handlers,
reusable custom web apps, services behind SSL, managing dynamic data, MVC
frameworks like Zend, etc.
C| C++ | C#
Exp. designing and creating various functions and usable programs developed in C.
(Recently a little rusty)
Computer Repair/Hardware
10+ yrs exp. building/maintaining/backing-up/upgrading/and repairing PC computers
in professional business environments as well as independently. Virus cleanups and
streamlining as well.
Work History:
Insight Repair llc Owner /