Client: Human Resources Administration, NYC, US
April 2018 to
Present
Creating and maintaining containerized micro services and configuring/maintaining private container registry on
Microsoft Azure for Hosting Images and using Windows Active Directory. I am one of the lead DevOps Engineer and
a cloud architect.
Deployed and Maintained windows phone applications on Azure cloud technologies. Converted .Net application to
Microsoft Azure Cloud Service Project as part of cloud deployment.
Managed servers on the Microsoft Azure Platform Azure Virtual Machines instances using Ansible Configuration
Management and created Ansible Playbooks, tasks and roles to automate system operations.
Worked on AZURE (IaaS) migrating like creating AZURE VMs, storage accounts, VHDS, storage pools, migrating on
premise servers to AZURE and creating availability sets in AZURE and performed Hardening of the VM's and disk
encryption using the KEK key in MS Azure.
Hands on experience on using Terraform along with packer to create custom machine images and automation tools
like Chef/Ansible to install software's after the infrastructure is provisioned.
Worked with Terraform for automating VPCS, ELBS, security groups, SQS queues, S3 buckets, and continuing to
replace the rest of our infrastructure.
Created Chef Cookbooks and wrote recipes in Ruby Script to install and configured Infrastructure across
environments and automated the process using Python Script.
Automated the cloud deployment using Chef and ARM templates for unattended bootstrapping in Azure.
Created Ansible roles in YAML and defined tasks, variables, files, handlers and templates. configured the Ansible
files for parallel deployment in Ansible for automating the Continuous delivery process and used Ansible for
configuring and managing multi-node configuration management over SSH and PowerShell.
Experience using Ansible Tower dashboard, role base access control, access to Ansible for deployments and worked
with Ansible Playbooks to automate various deployment tasks and working knowledge on Ansible Roles, Ansible
inventory files and Ansible Galaxy.
Worked on active integration effort for building out PaaS with RedHat OpenShift, Dockers and working with
developers on application containerization effort.
Worked with Docker and Kubernetes on multiple cloud providers, from helping developers build and containerize
their application (CI/CD) to deploying either on public or private cloud.
Created, managed and performed container-based deployments using Docker images containing Middleware and
Applications together and Evaluated Kubernetes for Docker container orchestration.
Utilized Kubernetes and Docker for the runtime environment for the Continuous Integration/Continuous Deployment
system to build, test, and deploy. Created Jenkins jobs to deploy applications to Kubernetes Cluster.
Worked on creating the Docker containers, Docker images, tagging and pushing the images and Docker consoles for
managing the application life cycle and Deployed Docker Engines in Virtualized Platforms for containerization of
multiple applications.
Used Jenkins and pipelines to drive all microservices builds out to the Docker registry and then deployed to
Kubernetes.
Integrated GIT into Jenkins to automate the code check-out process used Jenkins for automating Builds and
Automating Deployments. Excellent hands on Experience in several areas of Jenkins like master/slave administrations,
access controls, report generations, parameterized/triggered build setups etc.
Tested Splunk search strings & operational strings and used it as resource monitoring tool. Worked with
administrators to ensure Splunk is actively and accurately running and monitoring on the current infrastructure
implementation.
Excellent hands on experience working with monitoring tools such as Nagios, Splunk, ELK and working with load
balancing, Integrating and monitoring with Nagios and Splunk also checking the health of applications.
Developed PowerShell script to fetch necessary information from webpages according to the requirement and to
automate routine tasks when applicable.
Expertise in administering and automating operations across multiple platforms and Windows servers, Performed
numerous server migrations on both Linux/Unix. Migrations include moving all clients and their data, configuration
settings, testing and verifying everything is correct with zero downtime.
Environment: Azure, Terraform, Chef, Ansible, OpenShift, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Git, Maven, Splunk, Nagios, Python
Scripts, Kickstart, Java/J2EE,