Configure Security Profiles on Palo Alto / ASA for URL filtering, Anti-Virus, Anti-
Spyware, Vulnerability Protection, Threat Prevention, File Blocking.
Configure Clientless/AnyConnect SSL VPN on Cisco ASA for Work from Home Users.
Configuration and Troubleshooting of IPSEC VPN tunnel On Palo Alto/ Cisco ASA and
Cisco ASA as peer.
Handle Incident tickets & Service Requests related to Cisco ASA & Palo Alto firewall,
& VPN along with the connectivity issues and provide prompt support when any
issue pops up.
Implement DMZ for multiple clients of the state on the Palo Alto/ ASA firewall.
Analyze of firewall logs, Provide administrational and Monitoring Support, Dynamic
Updates for Palo Alto 5050 Firewall & Cisco ASA 5555, 5585.
Responsible for Migration from Legacy Cisco ASA firewall to Palo Alto firewall.
> Experience with Splunk Security Infrastructure and Event Management. (SIEM).
correlate, review, rank, and coordinate work efforts for sites to follow up on high-
priority events.
Work with Level 2 / Level 3 Engineering on software bugs and solutions involving
software upgrades and feature enhancements.
I Heart Media, San Antonio, TX
Feb 2016 -May 2018
SR Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
Experience in developing cloud strategies, roadmaps, architecting (hands-on) new
cloud solutions end to end or enterprise level AWS/Azure migrations.
> Designing and deploying dynamically scalable, highly available, fault tolerant and
reliable applications on AWS. Cisco Meraki Appliance MX (400, 80, 60) and Meraki
wireless Access points (MR66,MR18)
Migrated complex, multi-tier applications on AWS.
Defined and deployed monitoring, metrics and logging systems on AWS. Migrated
existing on-premises appli
Work to meet deadlines for new site configuration, upgrades, daily adds, moves and
changes for Cisco Call Manager, Unity, UCCX, Cisco Jabber, Synn Apps paging
software and Infortel Select call accounting system. Troubleshooting the Network
Routing protocols (BGP, EIGRP and RIP) during the Migrations and new client
connections
ons to AWS.
Troubleshoot, Identify and Resolve all VolP & IPT related incidents over different
technologies/Vendors:
Expressway, Cisco IOS Gateways, Telepresence, Microsoft Right Fax, Inform cast
Paging Sever. Support after hours cut-over/migration issues, opening trouble ticket
with NOC for special support
Prepared technical documentation HLD and LLD for file attachment feature.
Implemented file attachment feature for timeline post
Administration of Broad soft and Avaya telephony services. Delivering high quality
technical collateral for the Aruba WLAN product line for customer, partner and SEs.
Product testing and support for a wide range of products like routers, Layer2/layer3
switches, 802.11 wireless access points (Aruba - 105, 125).
Worked on Avaya Communication Manager 6.3, Avaya Modular Messaging 5.2,
Avaya One-X softphone, EC500 features, Avaya Session & System MGR, Avaya ASA
tool, Avaya Call Center, Avaya trucking and Avaya routing Involved in