email: krioux@gmail.com phone: 720 -216-7245
Ken Rioux
Goals:
Work within a tight-knit company
Network with other capable and talented individuals
Accomplish amazing things
Education:
University of Colorado:
Engineering at CU. Focus in software architecture.
Object Oriented Design: advanced design pattern utilization
Principles of Programming languages: strengths, weaknesses, and choosing the right
lang. for the job.
OpenGL Graphics: 3D modelling basics up to creating custom shaders.
Java classes sponsored by Sun Microsystems based on Calc.2 performance.
Skills:
3yrs towards Undergraduate Degree in Computer Science
Node.js
Independently building feature rich web applications with node express server and
various node middleware tools. The forum, project showcase, and picture galleries
here on kensnote.com are examples. Useful and light-weight, node is extremely
powerful.
Backbone.js
Independently developing re-usable models, displaying them dynamically on the page,
and tying them into secure database routes on the backend for truly object-oriented
web page functionality. Please view the forum, project showcase, and picture
galleries here on kensnote.com for examples.
MongoDb
Document based and incredibly flexible yet efficient no -sql database. Used w/ the
forum, showcase, and pic galleries here on kensnote.com.
Mongoose
RESTful interface for MongoDB providing object modeling for node.js. Used with the
forum, showcase, and pic galleries here on kensnote.com.
Git versioning
4+ yrs using git for version management and collaboration control. I utilize this
every day in various projects including online git servers for remote uploading
etc.
Android Programming
2yrs Java-Android-Linux development w/ OpenGLES 3D graphics support. Touch events,
social media tie-ins, publishing, keysigning, build scripts, emulators w/o eclipse.
project showcase
OpenGL/es2-3
2 yrs exp. developing graphics rich Android programs with java and user
interactions. Whack-A-Friend is my 1st 3D game developed with custom opengl.
Cordova/PhoneGap Development
2 yrs linux/android development with csS3/jquery/multi-page layouts w/o eclipse.
RiverMaps is an app developed w/ Cordova (update pending).
Object Oriented Design
Design with models from the ground up using cutting edge design patters: MVC
modeling, UML, class, sequence, activity, state diagrams, use cases, and
requirements lists.
Linux/Unix Administration
Administration of remote Debian VPS servers and local test servers. Configuration,
maintenance, and automation through shell scripting. - 3yrs
Twitter-Bootstrap
Great looking styling components from our friends at twatter, saving quite a lot of
time while developing UI components and the like. Kensnote forum is styled