Gannon University, Erie, PA.
Worked as a Lab Assistant for the project of GPS Navigation of AROBOT.
Helped in building the electronics circuits and applying GPS co-ordinates for the location of the
AROBOT.
Used PBASIC programming language to program the commands for the AROBOT.
EDUCATIONAL PROJECTS
"Speed control of Electric drives"
Gannon University, Erie, PA.
January-May 2011
Open loop speed control of permanent magnet DC motor: Designed and developed the Simulink
model for controlling the speed of permanent magnet DC motor which involves DC/DC converter
by obtaining the parameters from the equations which represents the permanent magnet dc motor
drive system.
Speed control of DC motor by using cascaded controller: Designed and develop the Simulink
model for controlling the speed of a DC motor by cascaded controller by using the method of
field flux control method.
"Motion Control Application using ADRC"
Gannon University, Erie, PA.
August-Dec 2010
Motion Control is the field of Automation in which the system is prone to internal disturbances
and external noises.
ADRC-Active Disturbance Rejection Control is used to remove the disturbances and external
noises present in the motion control system.
ADRC behaviour is compared with PID controller that is sensitive to external noises.
Developed the mathematical model and Simulink model for the system.
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University, Hyderabad, India
January-May 2008
Project Title:
Role:
Home Automation using TV Remote.
Team Leader.
Team Size:
4 Members.
The project provides simple and reliable methodology to control various home appliances from a certain
distance. The TV remote that is used is an IR transmitter (RC5). It forms the transmission part of the
project whereas the receiver section is managed by an IR receiver (TSOP 1738). Microcontroller AT
TINY 2313 controls the programming and the switching process of the project. The relay forms the
transmission media.
CORE COMPETENCIES
Mobile Communication
Fibre Optics
Embedded-C
Electronics Devices and Circuits
Digital signal processing
Advance engineering analysis
Engineering project management
Modern control theory
Digital Control
Sensors & actuators
Introduction of Electric drives
Control of Electric drives
Electronic system design and integration Wireless Communications
Communications
Satellite-
PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT TRAINING
Undergone training for 8 months at Special Training Program (STP) programmed by Institute of
Electronic Governance (IEG) and sponsored by INFOSYS.
Developed good presentation skills and ability to deal with timely issues in a project.
WORK