Microsoft
CERTIFIED
aws certified
Professional
Migration of Visual Source Safe (VSS) code repository to TFS.
Build Automation in TFS server.
Release Management.
Implementation of Agile Project Management (Sprint).
TFS Permission Management.
Familiarize Agile Methodology to team.
Technologies/ Tools: SharePoint 2013, C#, SharePoint Designer, InfoPath, Windows Server 2012, VS 2013, Telerik
controls, Nintex workflow and SQL Server 2008R2, Jira.
National Institutes of Health (NIH), MD
Senior Software Developer
Description
Teak Search – This project is used to search program officers involved in research of specific science terms and vice
versa. Admin and management can also view reports like grant reports, science term reports, scientist reports,
program officer's portfolio etc. SSIS is used to load the data from oracle central database to departmental SQL Server
database. Once data is loaded to SQL Server, SharePoint crawling is done on it.
Responsibilities:
Implementation of SharePoint 2013 search and search API.
Develop SSIS packages which include a variety of transformations, for example look up, Aggregate, Derived
Column, Conditional Split, Fuzzy Lookup, Multicast and Data Conversion.
Writing stored procedures on the database.
Create SSRS reports to show grants and science related information.
Technologies/ Tools: SharePoint 2013, C#, SSIS, SSRS, Windows Server 2012, VS 2013 and SQL Server 2012, Jira.
May 2015 – Dec 2015
Nalco Holdings, IL
Business Solution Analyst
Description:
Envision- Envision is not only simple web application or portal, it is business centric application. It monitors level of
chemical tanks by reading alarms send by sensors. Envision sends alerts to customers to order (purchase) chemical
when tank level reaches to reorder level. User can analyze chemical consumption using trend charts. It shows
different
Sep 2012 – Mar 2015
type
of alarms send by sensors. Nalco 360 team can take action on those alarms based on parameter values
like pH etc. Envision also provides to customer highly calculated and automated business proposal for Boilers,
Cooling Towers and RO and their work flows.
Responsive Web Design (RWD) concept is used to access it in mobile devices.
In Envision customers and their billing information are shown after extracting data from SAP and CRM using SSIS
(package scheduled as job in SQL Agent).
Responsibilities:
Based on user stories analyze, design and prepare SRS and Design documents.
Writing stored procedures and SSIS packages which includes a variety of transformations.
Managing a team and Client interaction.
Develop complex components using C#.
Exposed alarms information in the JSON format using WCF Services (Restful) for other applications like Toolbox
and Nalco Pro.
Production support.
Technologies/ Tools: ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC, C#, Entity Framework, LINQ, SQL Server 2008, Visio 2010, SSIS,
SSRS, Ajax, WCF Services (Restful), Telerik Controls and jQuery.
Nalco Holdings, IL
Sr. Application Developer
Description:
Jan 2012 – Aug