Anusha K
Sr. Network Engineer
Phone: 480-630-9319
Email: anushanetworking384@gmail.com
CISco
CERTIFIED
CISCO
CERTIFIED
CCNA
CCNP
Experience in migration from Cisco infrastructure to Juniper MX routers and switches
such as EX and QFX-3500, QFX-5100
Implement changes to the firewall rule base, network routing tables and ACL to
allow only authorized users to access the servers.
Created security policy according to user's requirement in Cisco ASA-5580, Juniper-
SRX-5800 and ISG-1000 Fire-wall using CLI & GUI.
Experience working with Cisco Nexus 2148 Fabric Extender and Nexus 5000 series
to provide a Flexible Access Solution for a data center access architecture
Installed Juniper firewalls to replace existing Firewalls which increased network
uptime.
Experience in Layer 3 Routing protocol configurations: EIGRP, OSPF, BGP.
Worked as senior engineer with Avaya System PHI migration, merging Voicemail
system, custom dial planning.
Designed and deploy various network security & High Availability products like
Cisco ASA other security products
Coordinate and perform VPN Lan2Lan as well as Remote VPN and Firewall security
policies as well as NAT Configurations.
Implemented Security policy by Configuring PIX firewalls.
Office Depot, Boca Raton, FL
Nov 2012 - Aug 2013
Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
Develop and implement strategies to support the current and future needs of the
company.
Configured Cisco 2600/3600/7200 series routers using RIP, OSPF, EIGRP and tested
authentication.
Worked extensively on Checkpoint firewalls for analyzing firewall change requests
and implementing changes into existing firewall policies, maintaining security
standards
Troubleshooting complex Checkpoint issues, Site-to-Site VPN related. Performed
upgrades for all IP series firewalls from R75-R77.
Migrated the rules from Checkpoint firewalls to ASA firewalls
Identifying technical problems and debugged hardware and software related
to LANS/ WAI
Implemented redundancy in Big IP F5 loads balancers to provide uninterrupted
services to clients.
Implementing and configuring F5 LTM for VIP and Virtual servers as per business
needs.
Switching related tasks included implementing VLAN S, VTP and configuring ISL
trunk on Fast - Ethernet channel between switches.
Configured and implemented Nexus 5K and 2K in lab