Anusha K
CISco
CERTIFIED
CISCO
CERTIFIED
CCNA
Sr. Network Engineer
CCNP
Phone: 480-630-9319
Email: anushanetworking384@gmail.com
CERTIFICATIONS AND EDUCATION:
:
Cisco Certified Network Associate (CCNA)
Cisco Certified Network Professional - Routing & Switching (CCNP)
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
Client:
Dell
EMC/
United
Airlines
Sept 2019 - Present
Location: Chicago, IL
Role: Security Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
Design, implement and test the security infrastructure to support a new DR solution
for an existing network.
Developing security program roadmaps. Develop detailed project plans ensuring
activities and timing is aligned to the overall project schedule.
Performed discovery activities related to existing firewall and load balancer
configurations for applications, servers, and their dependencies.
Worked on Checkpoint smart Dashboard R77.30 and R80.30 for Firewall rule
discovery and mapped to application (or server) IP and TCP/UDP port.
Worked on Load Balancer VIP and rule discovery mapped to application IP and TCP/
UDP port.
Updated broader application CMDB with appropriate target IP address and firewall
port/policy information.
Submitted Firemon request via existing Firemon Request Portal. Tracked firewall
request implementation to final build.
Having good knowledge and exposure on designing of Cisco ISE.
Worked on Hurricane IDS devices for port assignment, designing IDS devices
connecting to other devices like Fabric Extenders (FEX) and Gigamon devices.
Worked on firewalls like Cisco ASA, Palo Alto(PA-7050), checkpoint and Cisco
Firepower.
Setup and configuration of Security applications included but not limited to
Firewalls, Encryption Solutions, Cisco Firepower (Intrusion Prevention), Gigamon
Network Packet Broke
Reported firewall rule status to broader program.
Validated implemented firewall rules are functional per the submitted request.
Validated firewall rules for IP + TCP/UDP port access per submitted request.
Design and enforce encryption solutions in order to protect the data in transit.
Design documents that include all key requirements as well as Acceptance Criteria
and the test