Jenny Molina
Dacula, GA 30019• 347-679-4956 • jmolina1126@hotmail.com
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
BMO Capital Markets; New York, NY
2018-
Present
Senior Financial Analyst (Working Remotely from Dacula, GA)
Prepare daily bank reconciliations and ensure all Capital Markets Corp accounts are fully funded
and all intra-day cash are recorded to general ledger at end of day.
Post daily and monthly adjustments related to securitization fees, trade adjustments, capital
contributions, medical and insurance benefits.
Post and upload daily and month end journal entries.
Reconcile GL Balance sheet accounts with supporting documentation.
Perform variance analysis for options commissions, pension/benefits, subleases, and fixed assets.
Support monthly, quarterly and annual financial close.
Remain available for any ad hoc reporting.
2014
KGS Alpha Capital Markets; New York, NY
2018
Accounts Payable Supervisor (Company was acquired by BMO Capital Markets)
Reporting to the CFO, supervise a team of 1-2 responsible for accounts payable, travel and
expenses
Prepare, post, and reconcile standard monthly closing journal entries for financial statements,
accruals, expense allocation, and prepaid expenses
Proactively interacts with employees on matters related to Concur system.
Concur administrator, create Concur accounts for new hires and provide training on Concur
system and T&E policy.
Perform Concur expense reporting for invoices and T&E
Responsible for annual 1099 and 1042S reporting
Maintain company wide policies and procedures for accounts payable, travel and expenses
Prepare quarterly rent tax filing
Provide documentation needed for internal and external audit requests
Responsible for overseeing the day-to- day operations and coordinating the overall workflows of
the Accounts Payable team
GFI Management Services; New York, NY
2013
Accounts Payable Specialist
2011-
Processed payments to all vendors in an accurate and timely manner utilizing Yardi.
Worked with property managers to ensure proper approval have been obtained prior to processing
accounts payable invoices.
Performed vendor accounts payable reconciliations as needed
Monitored accounts payable departmental incoming emails on a daily basis.
Corresponded with vendors and property managers regarding invoices processing status
Worked with property accountants to ensure invoices are coded properly and paid on time.
Processed intercompany reimbursements on monthly basis.
Prepared bank reconciliations and processed deposits on daily basis.
Updated daily cash balances for certain bank accounts.
Prepared and uploaded positive pay file to the bank.
Performed special projects as assigned by Property Controller.
Amsterdam Hospitality; New York, NY
20011
2009
Accounts Payable