Alumni Consulting (Consulted to: Pinnacol Assurance)
2010
January 2010 - April
Contractor
Began working on the customer service application for Pinnacol.
Environment: Flash Builder
February 2009 -
People Movers (Consulted to: Comcast Media Center)
November 2009
Contractor
Built Administration tools using Flex/AIR/Web services/XML/Cairngorm.
Built Window popup from tool Menu using Flex/AIR/Web services/XML/Cairngorm.
Wrote deployment scripts for Flex/AIR application for ANT.
Environment: Flash Builder
Robert Half (Consulted to: Sparrow LLC)
- January 2009
Contractor
September 2008
Built a complex 3D Flash/Flex Menu.
Used Cairngorm Framework.
Created RSS Feed reader using Flex and PHP
Environment: Flash Builder
Peak 8 Solutions
July 2008 - September 2008
Contractor
Worked with an Adobe AIR application.
Developed an application with Flex 3 and the SHU library.
Built automatic Unit Tests by building AIR application without IDE.
Environment: Flash Builder
ShareTop
Flex Interface Architect
April August 2008 - July 2008
Created a product named ShareTop has a Flex interface using WebORB, PHP, and MYSQL
Backend.
Environment: Flash Builder
5280 Solutions (Consulted to: National CineMedia)
April 2008
Flash Flex Software Architect / Consultant
November 2007 -
Apart of the original team to architect the website.
The website ran on Adobe Flex on the visual layer, WebORB as a middle layer, and
Microsoft SQL Server 2005 as the database server.
Also used Cairngorm as a framework inside flex.
Used C# and .Net for a backend API
Personally developed two sections for the website, the game section and the chat section.
The game section showed stats of the user's scores on the games using the Cairngorm
framework and were displayed in flex. I also developed the games In Flash using
ActionScript 3.0.
The chat section used the WebORB Middle layer to communicate with the users. The
interface was developed in Flex. The chat had voice and video to go with it.
Environment: Flash Builder
JM Marketing/QSL Marketing
Flash architect, Software Engineer and Technical Manager
May 2004 - 2007
Created a database Flash Game Engine running on SQL Server and C# backend
Architected a new system in C# and SQL Server 2005
Use XP Programming to migrate FoxPro Database to SQL Server 2005 / C#
Lead a team to setup a new Office in Phoenix