Environment: Puppet, Chef, GIT, Bamboo, Ansible, OpenShift AWS, ANT, Maven, JIRA, Python, PowerShell, Bitbucket,
Nagios, Web & application servers, Networking, Linux
Role: Build & release Engineer
Client: Mphasis, Hyderabad, India
April 2013 to March
2015
Responsible for the management and continuous improvement of the release process for internal and external web
applications.
Developed and implemented Software Release Management strategies for various applications according to the Agile
process.
Collaborated with Architects, Systems, Network, Software and QA Engineers, and to continuously improve the
efficiency and reliability of Build and Deployment processes to support all phases of development including
production releases.
Troubleshooting, event inspection and reporting of various Puppet issues and starting/restarting of Puppet enterprise
services.
Managed Puppet classes, resources, packages, nodes and other common tasks using Puppet console dashboard and
live management.
Wrote Puppet manifests for deploying, configuring, install shield and managing collected for metric collection and
monitoring.
Constructed the Puppet modules for continuous deployment and worked on Bamboo for continuous integration, Wrote
Puppet models for installing and managing java versions.
Worked in all areas of Jenkins setting up CI for new branches, build automation, plug-in management and securing
Jenkins and setting up master.
Automated the bundling process and reduced all the manual intervention needed and merged that to the Jenkins job.
Deployed applications using Jenkins server and Troubleshoot build & release job failures, resolve, work with
developers on the resolution.
Integrated with leading CI servers and kept builds reproducible with exhaustive build information to track and protect
all artifacts used by your CI build using Binary Repository Manager/ Nexus Build System.
Extensively used ANT tool to do the builds and integrated with Bamboo for the builds as the continuous integration
process.
Repository management in ANT to share snapshots and releases of internal projects using Nexus tool.
Used LAMP (Linux, Apache, MYSQL, PHP) stack in building some of the applications in Linux especially RedHat.
Environment: Linux, Perl, Puppet, Bamboo, Nagios, PHP, Python, Ruby, Jenkins, Vagrant, SVN, Bash, Nexus, PowerShell,
NT Command Shell.
Role: Linux Administrator
Client: Mavin Infotech Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad, India
January 2012 to March
2013
Managed and administrated of all UNIX servers, includes Linux operating systems by applying relative patches and
packages at regular maintenance periods using Red Hat Satellite server, YUM, RPM tools.
Prepare specs for new infrastructure and VMware servers, disk storage, and network switches, routers, firewalls, and
VPN.
Planned and performed the upgrades to Linux (RHEL 5x, 6x, SUSE 10, 11, CENTOS 5, 6) operating systems and
hardware maintenance like changing memory modules, replacing disk drives.
Handling NFS, Auto Mount, DNS, LDAP related issues. Install and configure DHCP, DNS (BIND, MS), web
(Apache, IIS), mail (SMTP, IMAP, POP3), and file servers on Linux servers.
Monitoring CPU, memory, physical disk, Hardware and Software RAID, multipath, file systems, network using the
tools NAGIOS 4.0 monitoring.
Deployment and Configuration of application server Tomcat deploying Java and Web Application.
Writing Shell scripts for automation of daily tasks, documenting the changes that happen in the environment and in
each server, analyzing the error logs, analyzing the User logs, analyzing the /var/log/messages.
Design, build, and maintain production servers and RAID storage