Compile a system design procedure proposal that meets every requirement and follows agile
methodology.
Implemented application deployment on Apache Tomcat web Server.
Used SVN for Source Control and Version Management.
Environment: HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap 3, AngularJS 1.5, Angular2/4, NodeJS, ReactJS,
GRUNTJS, AJAX, JSON, Web Services, Agile Methodology, JIRA, GitHub, Bower.
Client: Logitech, Fremont, CA
Apr 2015 – Aug 2017
Role: UI Developer
Domain: Retail
Project: Was involved in Development of the UI with SPA Designed architecture of the application.
Implemented dependency injection container with NInject for TDD. Created IPC layer with Named Pipes.
Created views controls and animations/transition. Implemented custom effects for presentation such as
magnifier and spotlight. Implemented inter-process synchronization.
Role/Responsibilities:
Involved in Software Development Life Cycle phases like requirements gathering, Analysis,
Design, Development and Testing.
Designed and implemented the User Interface using HTML, XHTML, XML, CSS, JSP, AJAX
Actively involved in using AngularJS, Bootstrap and HTML5 to enable client side date to
meets specific criteria by applying various validation variable.
Used JQuery core library functions for the logical implementation part at client side for all the
applications.
Worked on command line build tool like Grunt.js, Watchify and performed compilation and
minification in the application.
Worked with the browser by virtual DOM and component life cycle like Mounting, Updating and
Unmounting in ReactJS.
Developed AJAX based web based UI framework by utilizing jQuery library.
Used JQuery plug-ins for Drag-and-Drop, Widgets, Menus, User Interface and Forms.
Used Object Oriented JavaScript to designed dynamic client-side to web forms and simulate
process for web application.
Used JS for custom client-side validation and DOM manipulations.
AJAX/JSON was primarily used for updating the DB with the modified content.
Developed Date Time Picker using Object Oriented JavaScript extensively.
Implement jQuery to navigate to different section of the page of the application using DOM
elements, and create AJAX pages
Used AJAX and XML to process asynchronous actions between front and back end.
Involved in responsive web designing using various Bootstrap's classes and Grids
Demonstrated implementation and up-gradation of JavaScript Library.
Implemented JQuery validation plug-in, modified JQuery validation plug-in to support custom
validation.
Environment: JavaScript, JQuery, CSS3, HTML5, AJAX, Photoshop CC 2015, JSON, Bootstrap,
ReactJS, JQuery, XML, JSP.
Client: New York Life Insurance, Tampa, Florida
Jan 2014 – Mar 2015
Role: Web UI Developer
Domain: Insurance
Project: This project was about developing and redesigning previous application. The old Customer
Service Website is being replaced with a modern, attractive, SOA-oriented site. It has various parts of the
functionality to communicate with the backend system through web services. It uses the ACORD
(Association for Cooperative Operations Research and Development) Life and Annuity