Priyanka Bhoi
Senior Web/UI/Frontend Developer
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY:
8+ years of IT experience as a Front-End/Web/UI Developer with actively involvement in
designing and developing the websites.
Extensively used HTML, CSS, HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, JavaScript, AJAX, JQuery,
Angular JS & Angular 2/4/5/7, and GruntJS & NodeJS.
Used Bootstrap for responsive design and worked with JSP templates, NodeJs & Angular
2/4/5/7.
Proficient in developing using Angular Forms, Events, Validations, Modules, Factory
Services, DOM, Expressions, Directives, Controllers, filters.
Expertise in client scripting language and server scripting languages like JavaScript, jQuery,
JSON, DOJO, Bootstrap, Node.js, AngularJS, Backbone.js, RequireJS, Action Script, JSF
and JSP
Worked on responsive design using media queries, bootstrap and Angular UI bootstrap, etc.
Developed web applications using AJAX, Object Oriented (00) JavaScript, JSON, JSONP,
and XML.
Experience in building Angular 2/4/5/7 components, UI services to consume rest services
using Component based architecture provided by Angular.
Implemented Angular 2/4/5/7 component router for navigation, Angular 2/4/5/7 services to
connect the web application to back-end APIS made use of ES6 features.
Generated responsive data tables using with Bootstrap grid system.
Used Nodejs for adding dependencies to project.
Wrote application level code to interact with backend and consume the JSON by using RXJS
Observables.
Extensive experience in Building web applications using JavaScript, JQuery, Angular 2.0/4.0,
Typescript and used Bootstrap for responsive UI.
Designed and modified User Interfaces using CSS and Angular.
Worked closely with business-side clients to deliver attractive, easy-to-understand screens that
appropriate reflected the company's fulfillment workflow. 3+ Years of experience in created web
related modifications and changes using Photoshop.
Experience in designing web pages with menus and paginations using JavaScript and JQuery
plugins.
Good understanding of advanced JavaScript libraries and frameworks, such as AngularJS, and
ReactJS.
Extensive experience with CSS3 and leveraging best practices, modifications of existing CSS
files to enhance the user experience.
Used JSP, HTML, CSS and JavaScript to render the dynamic web pages (presentation layer)
for the application.
Experience in cloud stack such as Amazon AWS.
Performed website optimization and faster page loading using CSS sprites.
Used JIRA for bug tracking.
Developed the UI with AngularJS as filters, root scope, custom directives, single page
applications and templates.
Responsible for checking cross browser compatibility and have good experience on different
browsers such as Safari, Google Chrome, Mozilla, Internet Explorer, etc.
Skilled at writing SQL, Designed Stored procedures, Functions & Triggers.
Experienced in Design, Development of web-based Applications using Apache Tomcat 7.0.
Experience in deploying applications on Windows environments.
Hands on experience with Integrated Development Environments (IDE's) and tools like Eclipse.
Built and maintained WordPress themes based on a spec sheet provided by the client.
Strong verbal and written skills. Good problem solving and communication skills. Able to work
in a diverse environment, shares responsibility for the team's success or failure, and self-
motivated to contribute towards team/company