Configure and troubleshoot Juniper EX series switches and routers.
Migrated to Juniper EX series switches from Cisco 3500 series and 6500 series
switches.
Experience with moving data center from one location to another location, from
6500 based data center to Nexus based data center.
> Network Redesign for Small Office/Campus Locations. This includes changes to both
the voice and data environment.
Deployed a large-scale HSRP solution to improve the uptime of collocation
customers, in the event a core router became unreachable. Administration of Broad
soft and Avaya telephony services.
Experience with communicating with different with different customers, IT teams in
gathering the details for the project.
> Serve as a single point of contact for troubles on the South Carolina state
government phone system on the Avaya platform
Experience with configuring Cisco 6500 VSS in Distribution layer of the Data center
network.
Configuration and Administration of Cisco and Juniper Routers and Switches.
> Experience working with Nexus 7010, 5548, 5596, 2148, 2248 devices.
> Experience configuring VPC (Virtual Port Channel), VDC(Virtual Device Context) in
Nexus 7010/7018.
Experience with configuring FCOE using Cisco nexus 5548.
> Network security including NAT/PAT, ACL, and ASA/SRX Firewalls.
Good knowledge with the technologies VPN, WLAN and Multicast.
Switching tasks include VTP, ISL/ 802.1q, IP Sec and GRE Tunneling, VLANS, Ether
Channel, Trunking, Port Security, STP and RSTP.
> Experience in installing and configuring DNS, DHCP servers.
> Replace branch hardware with new 3900 routers and 2960 switches.
Conversions to BGP WAN routing. Which will be to convert WAN routing from OSPF
to BGP (OSPF is used for local routing only) which involves new wan links.
Convert Branch WAN links from TDM circuits to MPLS and to convert encryption
from IPSec/GRE to Get VPN.
S
Creatives,
Hyderabad,
India
Jul 2012- Aug 2013
Network Engineer
Responsibilities:
Switching related tasks included implementing VLANS and configuring ISL trunk on
Fast-Ethernet and Gigabit Ethernet channel between switches.
Experience in Cisco switches and routers: Physical cabling, IP addressing, Wide Area
Network configurations (Frame-relay and ATM).
Performed troubleshooting, while maintaining trouble ticket tracking, following
internal/external
Escalation procedures and customer notifications.
Configured Cisco Routers for OSPF, IGRP, RIPV2, EIGRP, Static and default route.
Configuration, Management, Troubleshooting of Network devices (Routers,
Switches). Maintained the Telecommunication Connectivity using
Lines.
DSL and T1
Maintained complex LAN/WAN networks with several VLANS and provided support
for routing