Microsoft
CERTIFIED
aws certified
o Develop application using .Net compact framework target to Casio handheld devices with minimal memory usage.
Professional
o Testing using windows CE Emulator.
o Writing queries for SQL Server CE.
o Development of the components and Maintenance.
Technologies/ Tools: Windows CE, SQL Server CE, .Net compact framework, ASP.NET, SQL Server
Marsh, GA
Sr. Application Developer
Description:
CS Stars: CS STARS provides a comprehensive solution for managing all types of claims for clients in all industries
using web application. It also handles data related to occurrence, location, contacts and payments. Data can be
imported from different data sources into system using SSIS and vice versa. Some functionalities like occurrence and
claim has been exposed via WCF. Clients/ agents in their applications can use these exposed functionalities.
Responsibilities:
Analysis, designing and preparation of documents.
Developing web methods using WCF
Writing stored procedures and SSIS packages.
Managing a team and Client interaction.
Development of the components and Maintenance
Technologies/ Tools:
May 2009 – Apr 2010
ASP.NET using C#, SQL Server 2005, Oracle 10g, Visio, NUnit, SVN, SSIS
Army Postal Services, India
Sr. Application Developer
Description:
1. APS: Army Postal Service Corps provides mail and financial services to defence and certain Para military forces
through its network of around 500 Field Post offices (FPO) spread across the country.
2. Saving Bank Services Module: Work is done in maker/checker mode. All the transactions entered are verified and
then committed in final database. List of document (LOD) and List of Transaction documents (LOT) are managed
daily basis. If there is any addition or updation in LOD, Intimation email is sent to configured users. Saving Account,
TD (1-5 years), RD, MIS, PPF, NSS and SCSS are handled in SB.
3. Responsibilities:
Analysis, designing and preparation of SRS (in IEEE format).
Developing Web Services, Writing stored procedures and queries.
Manage a team and Client interaction.
Development of the components and Maintenance.
Technologies/ Tools:
Oct 2007 – Apr 2009
ASP.NET using C#, SQL Server 2005, Rational Rose, FXCop
BCD Travels, UK
Sr. Programmer Analyst
Description:
NetProfile: NetProfile is a web-based application designed for travel agencies and travellers. It is basically used to
maintain the profile of travellers. It also facilitates travel agencies and travellers to book the ticket using integrated
GDS Amadeus, Saber, Apollo and GetThere (OBE). It is divided into four modules. The modules are 'System Factory
and Security Module', 'GDS Export', 'Template Creation Module' and 'Bulk Import'.
Responsibilities:
Designing, coding and managing a module of the application
Developing Web Services, Writing stored procedures and queries.
Jul 2005 – Oct 2007
Client interaction.
Development of the components and Maintenance.
Technologies/ Tools: ASP.NET, Web services, C#, VB.Net, SQL Server 2000, Visio