In depth knowledge and understanding of the Internet and its design (DNS, Security,
IP Routing, HTTP/HTTPS, IPSEC, VPN, Email Routing, Virus Protection etc
Worked on Datacenter Fleet Migration project to migrate the existing 6509, 4509
devices to a Nexus 7010, 5010 and Nexus 2248 FEX based solution.
Knowledge on NFV and SDN products, technologies, architectures, and vendors
Configure VDC on Nexus 7k. Virtual Port Channel (VPC) between 5K and 2K.
Configured VRF, VRF-Lite.
Configuring Nexus 2K (FEX) which acts as a remote line card (module) for the Nexus
5k for the Nexus 5000 to connect servers and storage devices.
Managed inventory of all network hardware, Management and Monitoring by use of
SSH, Syslog, SNMP, NTP. Expertise in VolP/UC: Cisco Collaboration(CUCM, CUC,
IM&P, CUACA, UCCE/UCCX, Expressway, Cisco IOS Gateways, Telepresence
Prepared technical documentation HLD and LLD for flowchart based workflow.
> Prepared technical documentation HLD and LLD for file attachment feature.
Implemented file attachment feature for timeline post.
Prepared technical documentations HLD and LLD for document repository and
configurable workflow engine module. Created LAB setup with 7k and 5K NEXUS
switches and Arista 7K for application testing
Manage and maintain over 40,000 end users with Cisco video conferencing. Provide
support
WebEx, Cisco Jabber, Microsoft Skype for Business and Cisco desktop phones with
video. Created and tested Cisco router and switching operations using OSPF routing
protocol, ASA firewalls and MPLS switching for stable VPNS.
Worked with Cisco Meraki cloud managed architecture to handle wireless, switching,
security, EMM, all security cameras managed from the web. Implemented VPN &
troubleshoot into IP-SEC tunnels, GRE Tunnels, SSL-VPN on Cisco, Aruba, Juniper.
Configured Aruba Switch s3500 & 1200 Complex Stacking topologies. Design and
setup of Aruba Controllers 531, redundant 7211, 3200, 3400 and 6000 series
Worked on incorporate Cisco Nexus 9000 NXOS to ACI fabric to work in concert with
the existing Nexus 7000s and ASRS for MPLS implementation.
> Function
Zscaler Proxy, Juniper Portals, SecAuth, Open LDAP, and Active Directory.
Designed F5 solutions/support and configured virtual servers and associate them
with pools for internal web servers and Troubleshooting Cisco APs and Meraki
appliances
Migrated, created, and managed pools and clusters in F5 BiglP GTM 3DNS load
balancers across multiple Datacenters.
Working with Cisco Nexus 2248 Fabric Extender and Nexus 5500 series to provide a
Flexible Access Solution for datacenter access architecture
for Cisco Call
Manager
10.5.2, Cisco Unity, Cisco TMS
services,
part of a Firewall and Security team in support of Checkpoint Firewalls,
Installed and configured Cisco Meraki (MR66, MR18) wireless Access points in the
warehouses
Responsible for Troubleshooting & upgrading Avaya IP 500, UC modules, Combo
cards, PBX's
switching and Aruba wireless infrastructure
Designed the ACI fabric to ensure each tenant/host is secured and has separated
from other tenants/hosts. Used of L3/L2 outs via common tenants to reduce TCAM
and RAM utilization.
and Digital station
8.
Performed
site refreshes
on Cisco
Created ACI migration plan (brownfield) create L2/L3 transitions. Map traffic flows
for EPGS and BDS. Handled drivers for ML2 and GBO OpenStack