Interfaces.
Coordinate with business and solicit usability requirements.
Ability to test and debug using developer tools and the console required.
Involved in developing a user centric market driven site redesign.
Used JavaScript and JQuery for validating the input given to the user interface.
Created web content and tested all the websites with multiple browsers, operating systems, and
screen resolutions.
Performance tuning by caching the appropriate data objects.
Developed and maintaining the layouts using CSS for all intranet applications compliant with
W3C.
Environment: HTML, XHTML, CSS, DHTML, JavaScript, SQL Server 2008, ADO.NET (3.5/3.0),
IIS7.0, XAML, WCF, AJAX, MVC 3, Win Forms, Web Forms, Web Services JavaScript, XML,
XSL/XSLT, HTML, SQL Server 2008/2005, Windows NT, UNIT TESTING, Windows 7
professional.
Project2: BASE
To consolidate Client's HR Services across all the countries in Europe, enterprise wide employee intranet
portal was introduced for seamless delivery of enterprise content and application to its employees. The
Portal Application was deployed on Kiosks where employee will be able to raise and track queries/cases.
Base is used here as the case management tool. Base receives cases from Portal and used by Wipro agents
to track and monitor resolution of cases. It had J2EE front end, Oracle as Database.
Role/Responsibilities:
Built complex desktop - style UI using HTML, CSS, JavaScript and AJAX including
configuration wizards and interactive reports.
Developed front-end layout and intro for home page using Fireworks.
Utilized the mail merge techniques in MS Word for the time reduction in sending certificates.
Extensively used images of the product for web and catalogue.
Involved in designing and developing the GUI for the user interface with various controls.
Developed Web Applications using Web Technologies Interactive Planning for the product
development.
Used Flash Animations and Storyboard & User Flows for e-learning tutorials using human
factor engineering design concepts.
Implemented business layer using Core java, Spring Beans using dependency injection, spring
annotations, and Spring MVC components.
Create wireframes, storyboards, user flows, process flows and site maps to effectively
communicate interaction and design ideas.
Create web models or prototypes that include physical, interface, logical, or data models.
Preparation and review of Unit Test Plan, Unit Testing, Test Results review, and other quality
relate work.
Produced visually appealing designs focused on usability, utility, cross-browser compatibility
with SEO techniques and web standards.
Experienced in various MVC JavaScript frameworks like Express.js, Node.js.
Designed and developed the applications which are responsive using Twitter Bootstrap and
media queries.
Developed Table Less Layout using CSS, XHTML and used new CSS features like multi-
column
Environment:HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQUERY, AJAX, JSON, XML, Agile,