Microsoft
CERTIFIED
aws certified
Professional
Hem Chandra
Rockville, Maryland
469-436-9015
manoj@centillioninfotech.com
OBJECTIVE:
Lead Developer with more than 15+ years of experience in full-stack development (C#, VB.NET, .Net, ASP.NET,
ASP.NET MVC, Web API, Angular, AWS, SharePoint, InfoPath, SQL Server, SSIS, SSRS, Web services, WCF, LINQ,
XML, TFS 2010/13, SVN, VSS, GitHub, Telerik Controls, UML, JQuery and JavaScript) for building various desktop
and web applications.
SUMMARY:
Working experience on ASP.NET, ASP.NET MVC framework, Web API and Entity Framework.
Working experience on SharePoint 2013 and SharePoint 2010.
Proficiently learned AWS (Design, Deployment, AWS EC2, S3, Cloud watch, Load balancing & Lambda etc.).
Understanding of Microsoft Azure Cloud (Design, Deployment, app services, Azure Functions etc.).
Extensive experience in coding using C# and VB.NET
Implementation experience of various designs patterns (GOF).
Involved in Creation, Development and Deployment of SSIS packages in SQL Server.
Used SQL Profiler for Performance monitor to resolve Dead Locks and long running queries by checking appropriate
changes to Transaction Isolation levels
Database Performance of Index tuning with using Database Engine Tuning Advisor to resolve Performance issues.
Performed and fine-tuned Stored Procedures, SQL Queries and User Defined Functions.
Extensive experience in developing UML Models using Visio and Rational Rose.
Practical experience to implement SOA (Service Oriented Architecture: WCF) and Three-tier architecture.
Methodology: AGILE, Scrum, Test Driven Development.
Worked as TFS administrator (TFS Server setup, installation, collection creation, build automation, branching &
merging etc.)
Vertical/Domain Experience: Travel, Banking, Insurance, Chemical, Water and Energy
Proficiently learned new technology Angular to meet client need.
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
Maryland Department of Labor
Lead Developer
Description:
Foreclosure System-The Foreclosure Registration System is a web-based application for submission of those
foreclosure-related notices and registrations that are mandated by Maryland law. System verifies lender companies
using Nationwide Multistate Licensing System & Registry (NMLS). Application is divided into three sub-systems.
1. NOI (Notice of Intent to Foreclose): Lender companies can submit NOI to DLLR. Notice is created in pdf and send to
borrower thorough email as well as by post. User can also upload predefined csv files for bulk submission. SSIS
package reads and saves data into database. System sends processed NOI status email to user.
2. NOF (Notice of Foreclosure Filing): Lender submits NOF in the system which creates notice in pdf and sends NOF to
borrower through email.
3. FPR (Foreclosed Property Registration): Lender company admin submits property registration of foreclosed property.
Payment is done by PayPal payment gateway.
User can access the system by https://www.dllr.state.md.us/ForeclosureSystems/
Responsibilities:
Analysis of requirement.
NMLS and PayPal payment gateway integration.
Application designing and coding
Database designing and writing stored procedures.
Oct 2018 – Present
Client