Adam Jara
784 Minor Street, Apt. F
San Jacinto, CA 92583
(213) 258-7507
atomjara@gmail.com
SUMMARY
Over two years work experience in warehouse, finishing, lamination, shipping, printing, packaging, quality
checking and picking. Enthusiastic and optimistic, enjoys a challenge, works well under pressure, able to work in
a fast paced environment, puts out quality work and can take initiative if needed.
WORK EXPERIENCE
Amazon
Picker
03/2018 to 5/2018
Moreno Valley, CA
Retrieved items in large warehouse to fill multiple orders using RF gun. Scanned code on shelves and
containers to track merchandise. Safely transported containers. Placed full containers on a conveyer belt to be
sent to packaging.
Progressive Cold Storage (American Commissary Corp.)
Packer
03/2018 to 03/2018
City Of Industry, CA
Unloaded crates of fresh vegetables from the farms. Cleaned and sorted the produce and disposed of any rotten
or immature stock. Operated processing equipment. Placed produce on conveyer belt to be bagged and vacuum
sealed. Packed into crates or boxes to be shipped.
Coloredge
Printer/ Laminator/ Finisher/ Shipper/ QC
10/2015 to 07/2017
Burbank, CA
Printed large format images in batches on different types of film. Loaded and unloaded in the dark as to not
cause exposure or burns. Laminated and built displays, structures and props for social media events for clients
such as NBC Universal, E3, MAC cosmetics and Sephora. Ran multiple machines simultaneously. Assisted
shipping department to process rush deliveries. Worked in quality control to ensure colors were correct, there
were no defects and pieces were cut precisely.
Jan's Handyman Services
Landscaper
06/2015 to 10/2015
El Monte, CA
Renovated landscape. Uprooted trees and plants. Laid soil or turf such as wood chips, rubber bits, Astroturf or
river rocks. Installed or replaced sprinkler systems. Transported heavy objects on trailer bed to recycling
centers.
EDUCATION
John Marshall High
Los Angeles, CA
High School Diploma
SKILLS
Bilingual in English and Spanish. Excellent in landscaping as well as finishing, laminating and shipping. Ability to
safely operate machines, hand tools, landscape equipment and forklift. Can repetitively lift 75