ANGELENE JEAN-LOUIS
708 S. Fairfield Drive, Peachtree City, GA 30269
Cell: (862) 241-4674
Email: angelene.jeanlouis@Rutgers.edu
ОВЈЕСТIVE:
To obtain a position in Accounting/Finance where I can apply my extensive accounting knowledge and
experience.
SKILLS/ABILITIES:
Two years of hands-on accounting experience, where I handled expense tracking, inventory, general
entries, month-end and year-end reporting tasks.
Strong academic foundation in auditing and taxation; currently working towards obtaining the CPA
Solid organizational skills- able to effectively manage multiple responsibilities requiring extreme
attention to detail within deadline-driven environments.
Knowledgeable in account reconciliation techniques, with background in cash management and auditing
procedures.
Strong knowledge in Microsoft Office (Access, Excel, PowerPoint, Word and XBRL) Tableau,
MYSQL, AS/400 and Hyperion
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Sound knowledge of GAAP, GAAS and IFRS
Ability to work both independently and as part of a team
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:
SIGNATURE FLIGHT SUPPORT-EWR., Newark, NJ
May 2015 - April 2017
Staff Accountant
Processed fuel orders into FMS (fuel management system) and/or AS/400 (accounting system).
Entered daily ending inventories into FMS and generated monthly and quarterly fuel closing reports.
Drafted and prepared journal entries, account receivables, accounts payable and business budgets.
Reconciled Fuel purchase orders and performed various non-finance activities and administrative tasks.
Reconciled financial discrepancies by collecting and analyzing account information and resolved variances
in FMS.
Assisted in summarizing information for financial statements by collecting data, preparing trial balance,
balance sheet, profit and loss statement, and other reports.
OTHER WORK EXPERIENCE:
DELTA AIR LINES, INC., Newark, NJ/Atlanta, GA
August 2005 to Present
Customer Service Representative
Handle all aspects of above wing operations including baggage services and servicing for Virgin Atlantic,
Air France, Swiss Air, and Alitalia.
Responsible for managing the check-in and boarding process by ensuring Delta's customers have the proper
documentation for travel and enforcing immigration restrictions.
Help customers with routing, trip planning, ticketing, gate boarding, and efficiently coordinate with internal
resources while working under pressure and time constraints to dispatch flights on time.
Acquire good working knowledge of Delta's business policies and