Developed UI using HTML5, CSS3, Angular 6/7 for interactive cross browser functionality and
complex used interface.
Converted data from Database into JSON or XML format files and retrieve useful
information using API calls to display then on Front End.
Used Jira for Agile Process management and for tracking the project.
Worked on Postman for validations of APIS to clarify response and request body.
Environment: Angular 2/4/5/7, Agile, HTML5, CSS3, RESTFul API, Bootstrap, NodeJS, GruntJS,
GIT.
Client: Transamerica – Cedar Rapids, IA
Sept 2017 – July 2019
Role: Sr. UI Developer
Domain: Insurance
Project: Working in the customer database project which is part of a larger project called Digital, which
will provide their agents and consumers a web portal to view all of their policies regardless of
distribution. The customer database piece includes building different ACORD Life transactions like
203,103, 0001,0201 etc. for all their policy admin systems to send data required for the digital build out.
It has various parts of the functionality to communicate with the backend system through web services.
Role/Responsibilities:
Involved in various phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) of the application like
Requirement gathering, Design, Analysis and Code development.
Developed UI using HTML5, CSS3, Bootstrap, AngularJS and JSP for interactive cross
browser functionality and complex user interface.
Produced content pages with CSS3 layout and style markup presentations and also used
JavaScript methods and properties.
Used AngularJS for page functionality, pop up screens and drop down menus on the webpage
Interfaced with third-party vendors to customize UI/UX solutions.
Used BackboneJS or Fetching Data from the Server by giving URL to get JSON data for model
and to populate model from the server. Designed and implemented the user interface using
HTML5, XHTML, XML, CSS3, JAVASCRIPT, ANGULAR JS and NODE.JS.
Developed CSS3 style sheets to give gradient effects. Developed page layouts, navigation and
icons. Applied industry best practices and standards when project requirements were lagging.
Design custom buttons to have some config options so that some functionality can be added.
Integrated process into build system which auto-generates REST API documentation from
source code improving API documentation quality and availability while reducing
maintenance costs.
Experience and proficiency in developing application using ReactJS, supporting JavaScript
frameworks.
Used AGILE SCRUM methodology to deliver in sprints and Status Meetings, Code Review
Meetings.
Created SPAS with multiple views using route services and developed/tested features in an
AGILE environment using Angular 2 and Typescript.
Implemented Angular 4 component router for navigation and the services to connect the web
application to back-end APIS.
Created single Page Application with loading multiple views using route services and adding
more user experience to make dynamic by using Angular 4 framework and Node JS.
Involved in developing various UI templates and Controller using React.js with Back-end
Express and Mongoose/MongoDB.
Implemented data-binding and MVC using Angular2 for front-end development of a
current web application. Developed a Utility function to increase the reusability of the code in
different places.
Object is extended to override some built in class to improve some UI components.
Object is created to remove the history from the previous preview grid.
Worked on various cross browser (Chrome, Safari, Firefox and android native browsers)
compatibility