Microsoft
CERTIFIED
aws certified
Professional
Informatica- Data ware house is created to analyze faulty alarms. Based on numbers of same type of faulty alarms
management can take decision to repair/ replace hardware. If same types of faulty alarms are generated for almost all
customers,
then
management can take decision to improve controller respective to that issue. Many types of reports
like chemical consumption rate, reduction on faulty alarms generation rate etc. are generated for a year. Management
can analyze chemical consumption history for a specific client.
Responsibilities:
Writing stored procedures and SSIS packages which includes a variety of transformations, for example Slowly
Changing Dimensions, Look up, Aggregate, Derived Column, Conditional Split, Fuzzy Lookup, Multicast and Data
Conversion.
Cube creation and writing MDX queries.
Production support.
Technologies/ Tools: C#, SQL Server 2008, SSIS, SSAS and SSRS
Nalco Holdings, IL
Sr. Application Developer
Description:
myNalco.com- It is Nalco's Customer Web Portal. It is developed in SharePoint 2010. After login to myNalco.com
user can navigate to other Nalco's websites without login again to those sites (single sign on).
Controllers those are assigned to logged-in user are shown using WCF service as below.
Assigned legacy controllers of different sites. To know more about legacy controller user can click on controller and
May 2011 – Dec 2011
redirected Envision website.
Assigned next gen controllers of different sites. To configure controller user can click on controller and redirected to
next gen controller configuration website.
If user has permission, he/she can be redirected to Nalco Pro website when clicks on link.
Nalco associates contact details who are working with him/her.
Responsibilities:
Integration of WCF service with SharePoint 2010 using BCS.
Based on user stories analyze, design and prepare SRS and Design documents.
Client interaction.
Technologies/ Tools: C#, SharePoint 2010, WCF, ASP.NET, SQL Server 2008
Sales Partner Systems, FL
Sr. Application Developer
Description:
OASYS-Handheld Device Driver Application and Caravan Control Centre: OASYS Caravan transports provide
paperless communication, bringing customer service to levels never before experienced in foodservice.
This system is divided into two applications.
1. Handheld Device Driver Application has following functionalities
May 2010 – April 2011
Automated systems including paperless manifest, invoices, and driver check-in forms reduce costs and eliminate
hours of costly overtime.
If internet available driver can update delivery status to CCC.
Printing of invoices using Handheld printers.
Provide stop by stop route information to driver. It removes fear of sending new drivers on a route.
DB Sync process: After delivery driver can upload invoices, vouchers information to CCC.
2. Caravan Control Centre (CCC)
It is a .NET web-based application which has following functionalities.
Route Menu: Route manager manages drivers, trucks, trailers, routes and equipment (Like Tablet PC) assigned to
drivers.
Operations Menu: Operations personnel manages forms, invoices, pickup and collection
o Report Section: Delivery Status report, Routes report, Drivers details report