Environment: AWS, OpenStack, Terraform, Chef, Ansible, OpenShift, Kubernetes, Docker, Jenkins, Maven, Git,
Python/Shell/Perl/Ruby/PHP Scripts, Linux, ELK, New Relic, VMware, Tomcat Apache, JIRA, web &application servers,
Networking.
Role: DevOps Engineer
Client: HDFC Bank, Hyderabad, India
April 2015 to December
2016
Expertise on Writing Templates for AWS infrastructure as code using Terraform to build staging and production
environments and for deploying into AWS used automation pipeline tools like Jenkins, Artifactory, Chef and
Terraform.
AWS Management Console. Worked with security groups
Configured Active Directory accounts to single sign-on
for EC2 instances along with ELB and Roles for Amazon services to interact with each other.
Migrated MYSQL, ORACLE databases from on-premises to AWS, Created snapshots and Amazon Machine Images of
EC2 Instances as a part of backups. Configured AWS ELB for providing High-Availability to applications across
multiple availability zones by performing periodic health checks.
Experience in Working on Chef with Knife commands to manage Nodes, Cookbooks, Chef Recipes, Chef attributes,
Chef Templates. Extensively used Ruby scripting on Chef Automation for creating cookbooks comprising all
resources, Database, templates, attributes.
Written multiple cookbooks in Chef using Ruby scripting language for various DB configurations to modularize and
optimize end-product configuration, converting production support scripts to Chef Recipes.
Configured Ansible control machine and
playbook to copy and remove files on EC2 instances.
Created Ansible roles in YAML and defined tasks, variables, files, handlers and templates. Created inventory and
configured the Ansible files for parallel deployment in Ansible for automating the Continuous delivery process.
Experienced in Docker, Kubernetes and OpenShift to manage micro services for development of continuous
integration and continuous delivery.
Experienced in writing Chef Cookbooks and Recipes to automate our build/deployment process and do an overall
process improvement to any manual processes and managed servers on AWS cloud platform using chef configuration
management tools and Server automation with Chef and used tools like Maven for deployment and build management.
Extensively worked on Puppet apply configuration and developing multiple new puppet modules with heir for all dev,
and prod environments.
Administration of Bamboo Implemented a Continuous delivery framework using bamboo chef, Maven in Linux
Environment. Experienced in migrate project from Bamboo to Jenkins.
Extensively worked on Jenkins/Hudson, Bamboo and TeamCity for Continuous Integration and strong experience
with integration of Ant and Maven Build as build tools for the building of deployable artifacts (jar, war & ear) from
te Ansible playbooks with Ansible roles. Used file module in Ansible
source code.
Used Atlassian tools JIRA, Confluence, Bitbucket, Bamboo for defect management, team collaboration, source code
management and continuous integration and deployment practices.
Experience with design, configuration and implementation of Nagios and monitored run scripts remotely via Nagios
Remote Plugin Executor.
Designed the Branching/Merging strategy for all Lobs and to have unique Build/release strategy across platform.
Created post commit and pre-push hooks using Python in SVN and GIT repos. Setting up the SVN and GIT
Jenkins; build jobs.
Developed Python and Shell scripts for automation of the build and release process. Scripting in multiple languages
on Bash, Shell scripting, python scripting etc. Wrote automation scripts in shell and python to enhance the CI-CD
pipeline.
Installed, monitored and configured Applications in Nginx and Apache Tomcat Server and establish connectivity to
databases and troubleshoot issues on the fly.
Involved in setting up JIRA as defect tracking system and configured various workflows, customizations and plugins
for the JIRA bug/issue tracker.
Also, as Linux System & Middleware Administrator responsible for the day to day administration and administration of
RHEL 5, 6/ CentOS which includes installation, testing, tuning, upgrading and loading patches,